     An excerpt from "Frozen Star" written by George Greenstein.

   In my imagination I am floating weightlessly in space. Alongside me is an
enormous orange wall stretching endlessly into the distance. It is part of a
filament in the outskirts of the Crab Nebula. On all sides I am enveloped in
milky-white fog. It is emission from the electrons. Stars are visible in
every direction, for the nebula is transparent, so diffuse it is very nearly
a vacuum. Nevertheless it is filled with intense levels of radioactivity.
Radiation consists in part of high-velocity particles, in this case the same
that produce the nebular fog, and without massive shielding I would
accumulate a lethal dose within seconds. It produces a noticeable heating
effect.
   Light-years away, the pulsar at the nebula's core is a stroboscope. Its
light comes in bursts, a brilliant flash and then a fainter one: sixty
pulses per second in a steady rhythm. From the outskirts of the nebula the
object responsible for the bursts - the "lighthouse" emitting the flashes -
is too small to be seen. The largest telescope we have would not be capable
of spotting it from here.
   I move in toward the heart of the Crab. The level of radioactivity rises.
It is concentrated toward the pulsar - it comes from the pulsar. The
radiation exerts a noticeable pressure, and it is this force the accelerates
the nebula's expansion. As for the pulsar, a moving picture shot from here
would reveal something of it's nature to me. Played in slow motion the movie
would show two beams of light, one brighter than the other, pointing in
nearly opposite directions, spinning wildly at thirty rotations per second.
   I move still closer. I move to within 93 million miles of the pulsar, the
distance of the Earth from the Sun. The pulsations are overwhelming. On
average the illumination is brighter than sunlight: concentrated into
bursts, the level of each is blinding. A storm of radiation - electrons and
protons - pours from the pulsar outward into the nebula. No shielding
imaginable would suffice to protect against it. It would be enough to shred
a planet. It may even be that long ago a system of worlds did swing about
the pulsar in steady orbits, but if so they would have been on fire,
violently boiling under the impact of the terrible radiation. From each a
vast plume of vaporized rock would have streamed outward. The planets would
have looked like comets. None could have survived till now.
   The pulsar is as massive as the sun, though very much smaller - so much
smaller that even from so close a telescope would still be unable to find
it. As a result of its mass it exerts a force of gravitational attraction on
me. I weigh something. Bit by bit I fall inward - and as I do the force of
gravity increases. I fall at a ever-increasing rate. At a distance of one
million miles from the pulsar I am plummeting at more than 200 miles per
second. At a tenth this distance gravity is so strong it pulls a pea with a
force of one pound, and the rate of fall has built to 800 miles a second. A
steady flow of X-rays is pouring outward. It grows stronger as I plummet, as
does the radiation level and the brilliance of the light. Ten thousand miles
up, the attraction on the pea is a hundred pounds and my speed is more than
2,000 miles per second. Within the time it takes to read this sentence I
have dropped to a thousand miles' altitude. There is a powerful magnetic
field. It is fluctuating violently - it is rotating, precisely in step with
the pulsar beacons. I am enveloped in cosmic fire: superheated plasma,
intense electric currents. Massive lightning strokes flare against me.
Somewhere in this region the spinning searchlight beacons originate. The
force on the pea is five tons.
   There are now one thousand miles left to be covered to the pulsar, which
is still invisible, and I am going to travel this distance, whether I like
it or not, in an eighth of a second. Everything happens at once. I am
violently accelerated to a sizeable fraction of the velocity of light in my
fall. Things ahead are blue, things behind are red. The rotating magnetic
field grows to such unthinkable intensities that atoms are deformed.
Unfamiliar effects of gravitation come into play: my body is stretched,
geometry is distorted, and the paths of light rays bent. And then the object
of this journey and the cause of everything I have experienced comes into
view. There is perhaps a thousandth of a second in which to view it before I
rush past. So enormous is my speed by this point that no engine imaginable
could alter in the slightest my headlong rush.
   It is a magnet, the strongest known to exist, quite possibly the
strongest magnet that does exist anywhere in the universe. Ten miles in
diameter, it is spherical with a surface so smooth it would take a
microscope to see any irregularities. It is spinning about its axis thirty
times per second, and it so hot that is glows not red like hot metal, not
white like stars, but in X-rays. It has a atmosphere a few inches thick
that is violently streaming away into space.
   Now I am past it. It was a neutron star.






Reproduced by Lord Hogan - Organization for Planet Earth Improvement
     Questions? Comments? Leave me a message at Nitefall 2  -  (515)277-1320







