This File Was Reprinted By The P/\NTHER Because of my Interest on the 
Subject..

Popular Mechanics January 1993 - SCIENCE

BACK TO MARS

  Billions  of years ago, when Mars was a young planet, it was in many
ways  the  spitting  image of its neighbor, Earth.  A Thick atmosphere
kept  tempertures  moderate, and water flowed freely over the surface.
Volcanoes  regularly  burst  through  the  crust,  exposing the molten
layers  below.   But  at  some  Point the two planets' paths diverged.
Life  took  root  on Earth.  We don't know what happened on Mars, only
that  there  is  no  sign of anything living there now.  (Panther:What
about  in  the  past?) Much of what we do know has come only recently,
with man's first tentative steps out into the interplanerty space.

    The Mariner 4 probe's flyby in 1965 produced the first close-range
pictures.   Since then, three more Mariners have beamed back data, and
landers  deployed  by  Vikings  1  & 2 gave us a firsthand view of the
planet's  barren  surface.  Then the exploration stopped.  That was 17
Years  ago.   By  now,  all  the  planets  expecpt for Pluto have been
visited  by probes of one kind or another.  So on September 25th, 1992
last  year, it was time for round two of Mars Exploration to Begin.  A
Titan  III  rocket leapt skyward from Cape Canaveral carrying the 5672
lb  Mars  Observer  Spacecraft.   With  it,  rode  a new generation of
sensors  that  should  nail down the answers to mysteries that earlier
probes only hinted at.

   This  time,  the  idea  is to perform a comprehensive survey of the
planet,  providing  a  roadmap  for  more  ambitious missions to come.
During  the  period  of one 687 day Martain year, the probe will orbit
about  Mars's  poles  every  118  minutes.  The planet's rotation will
eventually  bring every acre of the surface almost exactly beneath the
probe  twice, once at 2am & once at 2pm mars time.  The result will be
a  complete set of readings that will show what changes and what stays
the  same  over  the whole planet as it goes through its full cycle of
seasons.

	Mars  Observer's  seven  instruments  are  similar to those on
satelites  now  orbiting  Earth.   Four  of  them  are  fixed  to  the
spacecraft's main baseplate, which keeps them all aligned toward mars.
Among  these  is a dual mode camera system with resolution better than
that  on any previous civilian spacecraft, and 10 times better than on
any  previous  Mars mission.  Focused on narrow points of interest, it
can pick out details as small as 10ft.  across from it's 230 mile high
orbit.   In  low resolution mode, it covers a wide swath which will be
used to produce daily weather maps.

	Also   mounted   on   the  baseplate  is  a  thermal  emission
spectrometer which will gather information on surface ice and minerals
by  analyzing  the  heat they give off.  A pressure modulator infrared
radiometer  will  take sidelong glances at the planet's horizon to see
the  layering  of  the  atmosphere.   Topographic  information will be
determined  down  to  a  few  meters by pulses of light bounced of the
surface by a laser altimeter.

	On   a   20ft.    folding   instrument  boom  is  a  gamma-ray
spectrometer   that  will  analyze  emmissions  from  the  surface  to
determine  its  chemical  composition.  Another boom holds instruments
that  will  seek to detect and measure Mars' magnetic field, which has
so far eluded scientists completely.

	As  this  is  written, Mars Observer has been speeding towards
it's  objective for little less than a month & 1/2, and all appears to
be  going  smoothly.  Traveling at an average of 40,000 mph, it should
complete  the  450 millino mile journey by this October.  Then it will
fire  its  thrusters  to  enter  an  elliptical  transition orbit, and
gradually phase down into its circular mapping orbit.

	Then  it  will  set  to  work,  beginning  a  24  hour  a  day
observation  marathon  that  should  go  a  long way towards answering
scientist'  questions  about current conditions on Mars, and how those
conditions  came  about.   In the process, the spacecraft is likely to
shed  light  on  why  it  is that Mars and Earth became such different
places, and thus help tell us why our own planet is the way it is.


>>IF YOU BELIEVE IN UFO/ALIEN ACTIVITY OR HAVE INFORMATION PERTAINING
TO THE SORT PLEASE CONTACT THE P/\NTHER AT SEPULTURA 213-466-4481<<

 			 BROUGHT 2 U BY

			  >> U M F <<
			  