

Enclosed is a collection of B&W scanned Photos from Edward Billy Meier
there are many ariel shots, landing tracks, computer analysis pics, and
multi ufo shots, and some frames from his 8 mm movie footage.
 These are only a few from over 1100 COLOR photos..we have the Videos.
UMF is working on Getting a color scanner to get the HiRes Jpegs scanned
but for now this will give you an idea of what the Pleiades Ships look like.
I will include some quotes of wisdom from the Pleiadian Cosmonauts which
 were given to Billy Meier telepathicly during his contacts.



	"We, too are still far removed from perfection and have to evolve
constantly, just like yourselves.  We are neither superior nor super-human,
, nor are we missionaries... but we have taken on certain tasks such as,
for example, the supervision of developing life in space, particularly
human, and to ensure a certain measure of order.  In the course of these
duties we do here and there approach the denizens of various worlds, select
some individuals and instruct them.  This we do only when a race is in a
stage of higher evolution.  Then we explain (and prove) to them that they
are not the only thinking beings in the universe. we feel duty bound to the
 citizens of Earth, because our forefathers were your forefathers..."
	SEMJASE, (SEM YA'SEE) Pleiadian Cosmonaut
	February 8, 1975

	"The masses would merely revere us as gods, as in ages past, or go
off in hysteria, that is why we regard it as prudent to make contact with
individual persons only for the time being, in order to disseminate,
through them the knowledge concerning our existence and our coming to this
planet."

	"You call us extraterrestrials or star-men, and you attribute to us
superhuman powers even though you do not know us.  Regarding this, we are
men, like you, but our knowledge and our understanding exceeds yours
considerably, especially in the technical field."

	"...We, too, learn the various languages of your planet, but it is
much easier for us than for you because we have simpler methods.  We are in
possession of all Earth-languages which are spoken at the moment or have
ever been spoken in past ages.  We have exact data on them from which we
have developed languge courses.  This happens through computer-like
apparatus under the supervision of language experts or specialized
scientists assigned to our task force.  Other types of apparatus may serve
to connect us to the "computer" in such a way to make it virtually possible
for the languages to be inspired into us, as it were, and this is done
while we assume a hypnotic-like condition.  The entire course lasts about
21 days (of earth time).  Following this we require another approximate 10
days of advanced training in order to become fluent in the language
selected... We then practice in free conversation with a language scientist
before we enter into contact with terrestrials."

	"Several times we have tried to establish contact with terrestrial
humans who might want to assist us in our task.  We opened contact but the
men selected gave evidence of not being sufficiently willing or loyal.
Others were afraid of their own kind (fellow men) and permitted our
contacts to go unreported.  They explained that their own kind would
consider them liars or mad, our would destroy their existence with
intrigues.  The terrestrials of many organizations are busy studying our
spacecraft but they did not always have available authentic photographs.
Some are luminous effects accidentally photographed, others are downright
falsifications...we are giving you the opportunity of taking photographs of
our spaceships, and other similar opportunities will be afforded you so
that you may obtain better photographs, be it technically or artistically
than now exist.
	
	"We do not reach to an end of the universe, for such does not
exist."
	SEMJASE - 1975

	"A single second in the timeless, amounts to many million years in
normal space."

	PTAAH, Pleiadian Cosmonaut - 1975

	"Although terrestrial man may have taken his first step into space,
this is still a question of primitive attempts even though he has been able
to fly to your moon with missiles.  He has still to reach space - because
to achieve this end he needs a force (propulsion) that is able to produce a
'hyperspace' velocity, so that the tremendous distances are reduced to
something navigable.  Then space and time are overcome by non-space and
non-time-that is, space and time are reduced almost to annihilation.
Through the mastering of this technology fractions of seconds are
sufficient to accomplish light years (of your calculations)..."

	"After we have selected the individual, we then carefully monitor
his thoughts and directly observe his reactions for many years, and then
when he has been accepted based on our standards and criteria, we then
influence him telepathically to journey into remote locations for direct
contact.  This is accomplished for several purposes; one is to avoid
disturbing other people and causing possible alarm.  Also, unless a remote
location is used, we have a problem of separating the contactee from other
brain wave patterns in the area, a process which normally enables our
computer/auto-pilot to direct our beam ship to the exact location without
interference."

	"...occasionally, we do not take enough cautionary measures
necessary for making the craft unseen.  However, even our best measures are
not always sufficient.  Even at night time there might be some unexpected
observers, which could lead to incidents, especially when we land at a
place several times.  this might explain the search by the military last
week, because they, as well as other authorities, feel in danger when they
are informed of sightings r landings of spaceships.  Now we are not the
least interested in endangering their power because their tasks pertain to
Earth people only."
	

	"General public contacts are not in our own best interests at this
time and besides, they would not convey a correct significance for the
state of mind in which we now exist."

	"... On many occasions space travellers have visited your Earth
from other stars (108 different civilizations at last count) sometimes from
very distant systems, like ourselves.  On occasion accidental contacts
which are unique may take place with Earth people."

	"...When entering your terrestrial state of exisence, we are forced
into making a 'slight adjustment' which allows us to function properly
within your dimensional world... Therefore this 'connection' insures a
correct state of mind and corresponds with the human vibrational pattern
which is necessary for the mutual exchange to take place.  It is very
similar to your adjusting the ifne tuning dial on your sensitive
communication recievers which, when accomplished, allows you perfect
reception.  In our case, it allows for perfect perception and acclimates us
to you physical world of being... This procedure is mandatory for all
extraterrestrial life forms that visit Earth from other dimensions. Without
this slight adjustment no contacts could take place."

	"Man should know that the God (force) is quite simply that of
creation, and that man also, either coming from the higher spiritual
spheres or being elevated to those spheres after numerous terrestrial
lives, is subject to creation and respectively complimentary to it.  The
higher he soars, the greater becomes his power.  However, one can never
identify God separately from the creation because God itself is a part of
it, with all the rest of the "Gods" who co-exist with it in various states
of being, stages of instant celestial substance which are perfectly adapted
to them."

	"A spiritually developed being, as a part of creation, acknowledges
creation in all things, even the smallest microbe, and leading a creative
life causes fears and doubts to vanish like rain before the sun.  By
creative thinking man acquires knowledge and wisdom and a sense of
unlimited strength which unbinds him from the limitations of convention and
dogma.  Material life on Earth is only a passing event, a phenomenon
vanishing after a time.  However, before him and after him there continues
to exist the creative presence of the universe."

	"When the spirit, this universal self, manifests itself in the
human being through constant love, wisdom and truth, then a major
breakthrough occurs in the surrounding self-veils which eliminates the
physical-material urge of greed, anger, hate, avarice, war... Then and only
then has he reached the destination of his existence."

	"...and neither is it consistent with the truth that our brothers
and sisters come from other parts of space on behalf of a God to bring to
the world the long awaited peace.  In no case do we come on behalf of
anybody, since creation, by itself, confers no obligation (on us).  It is a
law unto itself, and every form of life must conform with it and become a
part of it."
	
	SEMJASE - 1975

	"We extraterrestrial living forms have no authority yet to
interfere by force with terrestrial concerns."
	
	PTAAH - 1975

	"A spacecraft has to be equipped with two different propulsion
systems, one for the normal propulsion and another one for the hyper-space
propulsion method.  It is only when time and space have ceased to exist
that we are capable of traveling through lights years of distance in a
matter of seconds."

	"If a spaceship breaks through the barrier of light velocity
without reaching hyper-space instantly, a catastrophe is due for ship and
crew."

	"Our spaceships are protected by a screen of energy which
automatically rejects any kind of resistance and every bit of matter.  this
protective screen is, in face, identical with the specific gravitational
field which we build up around our ships.  With this protective screen we
are able to neutralize the gravitational field effect of any planet we want
to approach."
	
	SEMJASE - 1975


	This is all for this text but there is much more to the 
	Story so keep searching my friends and together with
	the spread of knowledge it is our only weapon towards
	the destruction of us all......The P/\NTHER