

                                    CHAPTER 1


                                  Excerpts From

                                 SILENT WEAPONS
                                       FOR
                                   QUIET WARS


                         Copy furnished by Mr.  Tom Young
                    A fellow Warrior in the cause of Freedom

              Excerpts printed word for word exactly as discovered

                   (With the added comments of William Cooper)
                       (Emphasis added by William Cooper)

		        Converted To ASCii By The Elf-UMF
			     Edited By The P/\NTHER


                       The Illuminati's declaration of War
                           upon the people of America.

[Above title added by WC]

WC/Author's Note:  I read Top Secret documents which explained that "Silent
Weapons  for Quiet Wars" is the doctrine adopted by the Policy Committee of
the  Bilderberg Group during its first known meeting in 1954.  A copy found
in  1969  was  in  the  possession  of  Naval  Intelligence.  The following
document,  dated May 1979, was found on July 7, 1986, in an IBM copier that
had been purchased at a surplus sale.

                                   TOP SECRET

                          Silent Weapons for Quiet Wars

                       An introductory programming manual
                               Operations Research
                                Technical Manual
                                   TM-SW7905.1

	WELCOME ABOARD
	This publication marks the 25th anniversary of the Third World War,
called  the  "Quiet  War," being conducted using subjective biological war-
fare, fought with "silent weapons.'
	This  book  contains  an  introductory description of this war, its
strategies, and its weaponry.
	May 1979 #74-1120

                                    SECURITY
	It  is  patently  impossible  to  discuss social engineering or the
automat-  ion  of  a  society,  i.e.,  the engineering of social automation
systems  (SILENT WEAPONS) on a NATIONAL or WORLDWIDE SCALE without implying
extensive OBJECTIVES of SOCIAL CONTROL and DESTRUCTION OF HUMAN LIFE, i.e.,
SLAVERY and GENOCIDE.
	This  manual  is in itself an analog declaration of intent.  Such a
writing  must  be  SECURED  FROM  PUBLIC  SCRUTINY.  Otherwise, it might be
recognized   as   a   TECHNICALLY   FORMAL  DECLARATION  OF  DOMESTIC  WAR.
Furthermore, whenever any person or group of persons in a position of great
power  and  WITHOUT  FULL  KNOWLEDGE  and  CONSENT OF THE PUBLIC, USES SUCH
KNOWLEDGE and METHODOLOGY FOR ECONOMIC CONQUEST- it must be understood that
A  STATE OF DOMESTIC WARFARE EXISTS between said person or group of persons
and the public.
	The  SOLUTION  of  today's  PROBLEMS  REQUIRES an approach which is
RUTHLESSLY  CANDID,  with  NO  AGONIZING  OVER RELIGIOUS, MORAL or CULTURAL
VALUES.
	YOU have QUALIFIED for this project BECAUSE of your ABILITY to LOOK
at  HUMAN  SOCIETY  with COLD OBJECTIVITY, and yet analyze and DISCUSS your
OBSERVATIONS  and  CONCLUSIONS with OTHERS of similar INTELLECTUAL capacity
WITHOUT  a  LOSS  of DISCRETION or HUMILITY.  Such virtues are exercised in
your own best interest.  Do not deviate from them.

WC/Author's  Note:All above emphasis are mine as are those in the following
two sections and including bracketed additions throughout.

I do recognize this document, based upon the dosument's own admission, as a
formal Declaration of War by the Illuminati upon the citizens of the United
States  of  America.   I  acknowledge  that  a  State of War exists and has
existed  between  the  Citizens  of  the  United  States of America and the
Illuminati  aggressor  based  upon this recognition.  I present to you that
the peaceful Citizens of this nation are fully justified in taking whatever
steps may be necessary, including violence, to identify, counterattack, and
destroy  the  enemy.  I base this statement upon the God-given right of any
peaceful people

to defend themselves against attack and destruction by any enemy waging war
against  them.   I cite the principles outlined in the Declaration of Inde-
pendence,  the  Constitution of the United States of America, and the fully
recognized  and  acknowledged historical precedents that have served as the
justification for destruction of tyrants.

                             HISTORICAL INTRODUCTION
	Silent  weapon  technology  has  evolved  from  Operations Research
(o.R.),  a strategic and tactical methodolgy developed under the MILI- TARY
MANAGEMENT  (Eisenhower)  in  England  during  World  War II.  the original
purpose  of  Operations  Research  was  to study the strategic and tactical
problems  of  air  and  land defense with the ovjective of effective use of
limited military resources against foreign enemies (i.e.,logistics).
	It was soon recognized by those in positions of power[THE COUN- CIL
ON  FOREIGN  RELATIONS]  that  the same methods might be useful for totally
controlling a society.  But better tools were necessary.
	Social  engineering  (the  analysis  and  automation  of a society)
requires  the  correlation of great amounts of constantly changing economic
information  (data),  so  a high-speed computerized data-processing systems
was  necessary  which  could  race  ahead  of  the society and predict when
society would arrive for capitulation.
	Relay  computers  were  too  slow,  but  the  electronic  computer,
invented  in  1946  by  J.  Presper Eckert and John W.  Mauchly, filled the
bill.
	The  next breakthrough was the development of the simplex method of
linear programming in 1947 by the mathematician George B.  Dantzig.
	Then  in  1948,  the  transistor,  invented  by  J.   Bardeen, W.H.
Brattain,  and W.  Shockley, promised great expansion of the computer field
by reducing space and power requirements.
	With  these  three  inventions  under  their  direction,  those  in
positions  of  power  strongly  suspected  that it was possible for them to
control the whole world with the push of a button.
	Immediately,  the ROCKEFELLER FOUNDATION got in on the ground floor
by  making  a  four-year  grant  to  HARVARD COLLEGE, fund- ing the HARVARD
ECONOMIC  RESEARCH  PROJECT  for the study of the structure of the American
economy.  One year later, in 1949, THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE joined in.
	In  1952  the  original  grant  period terminated, and a high-level
meeting  of  the ELITE [Illuminati] was held to determine the next phase of
social operations research.  The Harvard project had been very fruitful, as
is  borne  out by the publication of some of its results in 1953 suggesting
the   feasibility  of  economic  (social)  engineering.   (Studies  in  the
Structure  of  the  American  Economy--copyright  1953 by Wassily Leontief,
International Sci- ences Press Inc., White Plains, New York.)
	Engineered  in  the  last  half of the decade of the 1940s, the new
Quiet  War machine stood, so to speak, in sparkling gold-plated hardware on
the showroom floor by 1954.
	With the creation of the maser in 1954, the promise of unlocking UN
LIMITED  SOURCES  OF  FUSION  ATOMIC  ENERGY FROM THE HEAVY HYDROGEN IN SEA
WATER  and  the  consequent  availability  of  unlimited social power was a
possibility only decades away.
	The combination was irresistible.
	The  QUIET WAR was quietly DECLARED by the INTERNATIONAL ELITE [THE
BILDERBERG GROUP] at a meeting held in 1954.
	Although  the  silent  weapons  system  was nearly exposed 13 years
later,  the evolution of the new weapon-system has never suffered any major
setbacks.
	This  volume  marks  the  25th  anniversary of the beginning of the
Quiet War.  Already this domestic war has had many victories on many fronts
throughout the world.



                             POLITICAL INTRODUCTION

	In  1954  it was well recognized by those in positions of authority
that  it  was only a matter of time, only a few decades, before the general
public  would  be able to grasp and upset the cradle of power, for the very
elements  of  the  new  silent-weapon  technology  were as accessible for a
public utopia as they were for providing a private utopia.
	The  ISSUE  of  PRIMARY CONCERN, that of DOMINANCE, revolved around
the subject of the energy sciences.

                                     ENERGY

	Energy  is recognized as the key to all activity on earth.  Natural
science  is  the  study  of  the sources and control of natural energy, and
social  science,  theoretically expressed as economics, is the study of the
sources  and  control  of  social  energy.   Both  are bookkeeping systems:
mathematics.   Therefore,  mathematics  is the primary energy science.  And
the  book-  keeper  can  be  king if the public can be kept ignorant of the
methodology of the bookkeeping.
	All  science  is merely a means to an end.  The means is knowledge.
The  end  is  control.   [THE  END ALWAYS JUSTIFIES THE MEANS.] Beyond this
remains only one issue:  Who will be the beneficiary?
	In  1954  this  was  the issue of concern.  Although the so- called
"moral  issues" were raised, in view of the law of natural selection it was
agreed  that  a  nation  or  world  of people who will not use their intel-
legence  are  no  better  than  animals who do not have intelligence.  Such
people are beasts of burden and steaks on the table by choice and consent.
	CONSEQUENTLY,  in  the  interest  of future world order, peace, and
tranquility, it was decided to privately wage a quiet war against the Amer-
ican  public with an ultimate objective of permanently shifting the natural
and social energy (wealth) of the undisciplined and irresponsible many into
the hands of the self-disciplined, responsible, and worthy few.
	In  order  to implement this objective, it was necessary to create,
secure,  and  apply  new  weapons  which, as it turned out, were a class of
weapons  so  subtle  and  sophisticated in their principle of operation and
public ap- pearance as to earn for themselves the name "silent weapons."
	In  conclusion, the objective of economic research, as conducted by
the magnates of capital (banking) and the industries of commodities (goods)
and  services, is the establishment of an economy which is totally predict-
able and manipulatible.
	In  order  to  achieve a totally predictable economy, the low-class
ele-  ments  of the society myst be brought under total control, i.e., must
be  housebroken,  trained,  and assigned a yoke and long-term social duties
from  a  very  early  age,  before they have an opportunity to question the
propriety  of  the matter.  In order to achieve such conformity, the lower-
class  family  unit must be disintegrated by a process of increasing preoc-
cupation  of  the  parents  and  the  establishment  of government-operated
day-care centers for the occupationally orphaned children.
	The  quality  of  education given to the lower class must be of the
poorest  sort,  so  the moat of ignorance isolating the inferior class from
the  superior  class is and remains incomprehensible to the inferior class.
With  such  an  initial  handicap, even bright lower class individuals have
little  if  any  hope  of extricating themselves from their assigned lot in
life.   This  form  of  slavery is essential to maintaining some measure of
social order, peace, and tranquility for the ruling upper crust.

                     DESCRIPTIVE INTRODUCTION OF THE SILENT
                                     WEAPON

	Everything  that  is  expected  from an ordinary weapon is expected
from  a  silent  weapon  by  its  creators,  but  only in its own manner of
junctioning.
	It  shoots  situations,  instead  of  bullets;  propelled  by  data
processing,


instead  of  chemical  reaction (explosion); originating from bits of data,
instead  of  grains  of gunpowder; from a computer, instead of a gun; oper-
ated by a computer programmer, instead of a marksman; under the orders of a
banking magnate, instead of a military general.
	It makes no obvious explosive noises, causes no obvious physical or
mental  injuries,  and  does  not  obviously  interfere with anyone's daily
social life.
	Yet  it makes an unmistakable "noise," causes unmistakable physical
and  mental  damage,  and  unmistakably interferes with daily social lif3e,
i.e., unmistakable to a trained observer, one who knows what to look for.
	The  public  cannot  comprehend  this  weapon, and therefore cannot
believe that they are being attacked and subdued by a weapon.
	The  public  might instictively feel that something is wrong [ISN'T
THAT THE TRUTH?], but because of the technical nature of the silent weapon,
they  cannot express their feeling in a rational way, or handle the problem
with intelligence.  Therefore, they do not know how to cry for help, and do
not know how to associate with others to defend themselves against it.
	When   a   silent   weapon   is   applied   gradually,  the  public
adjusts/adapts  to  its presence and learns to tolerate its encroachment on
their  lives  until  the  pressure (psychological via economic) becomes tot
great and they crack up.
	Therefore,  the  silent weapon is a type of biological warfare.  It
attacks the vitality, options, and mobility of the individuals of a society
by  know-  ing, understanding, manipulating, and attacking their sources of
natural  and  social  energy,  and  their  physical,  mental, and emotional
stengths and weaknesses.

                            THEORETICAL INTRODUCTION
                    Give me control over a nation's currency,
                       and I care not who makes its laws.
                                         Mayer Amschel Rothschild
                                         (1743-1812)

	Today's  silent weapons technology is an outgrowth of a simple idea
discovered, succinctly expressed, and effectively applied by the quoted Mr.
Mayer  Amschel  Rothschild.  Mr.  Rothschild discovered the missing passive
component  of economic theory known as economic inductance.  He, of course,
did  not  think  of  his discovery in these 20th century terms, and , to be
sure,  mathematical  analysis  had  to  wait for the Second Industrial Rev-
olution, the rise of the electronic computer before it could be effectively
applied in the control of the world economy.

                             GENERAL ENERGY CONCEPTS

	In   the  study  of  energy  systems,  there  always  appear  three
elementary  concepts.   These  are  potential  energy,  kinetic energy, and
energy dissipa- tion.  And corresponding to these concepts, there are three
idealize,   essen-   tially   pure   physical  couterparts  called  passive
components.
	(1)  In the science of physical mechanics, the phenomenon of poten-
tial  energy  is  associated  with a physical property called elasticity or
stiff- ness, and can be represented by a stretched spring.
	In  electronic  science,  potential energy is stored in a capacitor
instead  of  a  spring.   This  property  is  called capacitance instead of
elasticity or stiff- ness.
	(2)In  the science of physical mechanics, the phenomenon of kinetic
energy  is  associated with a physical property called inertia or mass, and
can be represented by a mass of a flywheel in motion.
	In  electronic science, kinetic energy is stored in an inductor (in
a  magnetic field) instead of mass.  This property is called inductance in-
stead of inertia.
	(3)In the science of physical mechanics, the phenomenon of energy


dissipaton is associated with a physical property called friction or resis-
tance,  and  can be represented by a dashpot or other device which converts
system energy into heat.
	In  electronic  science,  dissipation  of energy is performed by an
element  called either a resistor or a conductor, the term "resistor" being
the  one  generally  used  to express the concept of friction, and the term
"conductor"  being  generally  used  to describe a more ideal device (e.g.,
wire) employed to convey electronic energy efficiently from one location to
another.   The  property of a resistance or conductor is measured as either
resistance or conductance reciprocals.
	In economics these three energy concepts are associated with:
	(1)Economic  Capacitance-Capital  (money,  stock/inventory, invest-
ments in buildings and durables, etc.  )
	(2)Economic Conductance-Goods (production flow coefficients)
	(3)Economic Inductance-Services (the influence of the population of
industry on output)
	All of the mathematical theory developed in the stury of one energy
system  (e.g.,  mechanics, electronics, etc.) can be immediately applied in
the study of any other energy system (e.g., economics).

                        MR.  ROTHSCHILD'S ENERGY DISCOVERY

	What  Mr.   Rothschild  had  discovered  was the basic principle of
power,  influence,  and  control over people as applied to economics.  That
principle
 is "when you assume the appearance of power, people soon give it to you."
	Mr.   Rothschild  had  discovered  that  currency  or  deposit loan
accounts
 had  the  required appearance of power that could be used to INDUCE PEOPLE
[WC emphasis] (inductance, with people corresponding to a mag- netic field)
into  surrendering  their  real wealth in exchange for a promise of greater
wealth  (instead  of real compensation).  They would put up real collateral
in  exchange for a loan of promissory notes.  Mr.  Rothschild found that he
could issue more notes than he had backing for, so long as he had someone's
stock of gold as a persuader to show to his customers.
	Mr.   Rothschild  loaned his promissory notes to individuals and to
governments.   These would create overconfidence.  Then he would make money
scarce,  tighten  control of the system, and collect the collateral through
the obligation of contracts.  The cycle was then repeated.  These pressures
could be used to ignite a war.  Then he would control the avail- ability of
currency to determine who would win the war.  That governement which agreed
to give him control of its economic system got his support.
	Collection  of debts was guaranteed by economic aid to the enemy of
the  debtor.   The  profit  derived from this economic methodology made Mr.
Rothschild  all  the  more  able  to  extend his wealth.  He found that the
public  greed would allow currency to be printed by government order BEYOND
THE  LIMITS  [WC  emphasis] (inflation) of backing in precious metal or the
production of goods and services (gross national product, GNP).

                      APPARENT CAPITAL AS "PAPER" INDUCTOR

	In  this  structure,  credit,  presented  as  a pure element called
"currency,"  has  the  appearance  of  capital,  but  is, in fact, negative
capital.   Hence,  it  has  the  appearance  of  service,  but is, in fact,
indebtedness  or debt.  It is there- fore an economic inductance instead of
an  economic capacitance, and if balanced in no other way, will be balanced
by the nagation of population (war, genocide)> The total goods and services
represent  real capital called the gross national product, and currency may
be  printed  up to this level and still represent economic capacitance; but
currency   printed   beyond  this  level  is  subtractive,  represents  the
introduction of economic inductance, and constitutes notes of indebtedness.
	War  is  therefore  the balancing of the system by killing the true
creditors (the public which we have taught to exchange true value for


inflated currency) and falling back on whatever is left of the resources of
nature and regeneration of those resources.
	Mr.   Rothschild had discovered that currency gave him the power to
rearrange  the  economic  structure to his own advantage, to shift economic
inductance to those economic positions which would encourage the great- est
economic instability and oscillation.
	The  final  key  to  economic  control  had to wait until there was
sufficient  data  and high-speed computing equipment to keep close watch on
the economic oscillations created by price stocking and excess paper energy
credits- paper inductance/inflation.

                                  BREAKTHROUGH

	The  aviation field provided the greatest evolution in economic en-
gineering  by  way  of  the mathetmatical theory of shock testing.  In this
process,  a  projectile  is  fired  from  an airframe on the ground and the
impulse  of  the  recoil is monitored by vibration transducers connected to
the airframe and wired to chart recorders.
	By  studying the echoes or reflections of the recoil impulse in the
airframe,  it  is possible to discover critical vibrations in the structure
of the airframe which either vibrations of the engine or aeolian vibrations
of  the  wings, or a combination of the two, might reinforce resulting in a
resonant  self-destruction  of the airframe in flight as an aircraft.  From
the standpoint of engineering, this means that the strengths and weaknesses
of  the  struc-  ture of the airframe in terms of vibrational energy can be
discovered and maniplated.

                            APPLICATION IN ECONOMICS

	To   use   this  method  of  airframe  shock  testing  in  economic
engineering, the prices of commodities are shocked, and the public consumer
reaction  is  monitored.   The  resulting  echoes of the economic shock are
interpreted theoretically by computers and the psycho-economic structure of
the  econ-  omy  us  thus  discovered.   It is by this process that partial
differential  and difference matrices are discovered that define the family
household  and  make  possible  its  evaluation  as  an  economic  industry
(dissipative con- sumer structure).
	Then  the  response  of  the  household  to  future  shocks  can be
predicted and manipulated, and society becomes a well-regulated animal with
its  reins  under  the control of a sophisticated computer-regulated social
energy bookkeeping system.
	Eventually  every  individual  element of the structure comes under
computer  control  trough  a  knowledge of personal preferences, such know-
ledge  guaranteed  by  computer  association  of consumer preferences (uni-
versal  product  code--UPC--  zebra-stripe  pricing codes on packages) with
identified  consumers  (identified via association with the use of a credit
card  and  LATER A PERMANENT "TATTOOED" BODY NUMBER [WC emphasis] invisible
under normal ambient illumination...

                               THE ECONOMIC MODEL

	...The  Harvard  Economic Research Project (1948-) was an extension
of  World  War  II  Operations  Research.   Its purpose was to discover the
science of controlling an economy:  at first the American economy, and then
the   world  economy.   It  was  felt  that  with  sufficient  mathematical
foundation  and data, it would be nearly as easy to predict and control the
trend  of  an  economy  as  to  predict  and  control  the  trajectory of a
projectile.   Such  has  proven  to be the case.  Moreover, the economy has
been transformed into a guided missile on target.
	The  immediate  aim of the Harvard project was to discover the eco-
nomic structure, what forces change that structure, how the behavior of the


structure can be predicted, and how it can be manipulated.  What was needed
was   a   well-organized  knowledge  of  the  mathematical  structures  and
interrelationships   of  investment,  production,  distribution,  and  con-
sumption.
	To  make a short story of it all, it was discovered that an economy
obeyed the same laws as electricity and that all of the mathematical theory
and  practical  and  computer  know-how  developed for the electronic field
could  be  directly  applied in the study of economics.  This discovery was
not  openly  declared, and its more subtle implications were and are kept a
closely  guarded  secret, for example that in an economic model, human life
is  measured in dollars, and that the electric spark generated when opening
a switch connected to an active inductor is mathematically analogous to the
initiation of a war.
	The  greatest hurdle which theoretical economists faced was the ac-
curate  decription  of  the  household as an industry.  This is a challenge
because  consumer  purchases  are  a  matter of choice which in turn is in-
fluenced by income, price, and other economic factors.
	This   hurdle   was   cleared  in  an  indirect  and  statistically
approximate was by an application of shock testing to determine the current
charac-  teristics,  called  current technical coefficients, of a household
industry.
	Finally,   because   problems   in  theoretical  economics  can  be
translated  very  easily  into problems in theoretical electronics, and the
solution  trans-  lated back again, it follows that only a book of language
translation and concept definition needed to be written for economics.  The
remainder   could   be  gotten  from  standard  works  on  mathematics  and
electronics.   This  makes  the  publication of books on advanced economics
unnecessary, and greatly simplifies project security.

                               INDUSTRIAL DIAGRAMS

	An  ideal industry is defined as a device which receives value from
other  industries  in  several  forms  and  converts [it] into one specific
product  for  sales  and  distribution to other industries.  It has several
inputs  and one output.  What the public normally thinks of as one industry
is  really  an  industrial  complex where several industries under one roof
produce one or more products...

                            THREE INDUSTRIAL CLASSES

	Industries fall into three categories or classes by type of output:
	Class #1--Capital (resources)
	Class #2--Goods (commodities or use-dissipative)
	Class #3--Services (action of population)
	Class #1 industries exist at three levels:
	(1)Nature-sources of energy and raw materials.
	(2)Government-printing  of currency equal to gross national product
(GNP), and extension (inflation) of currency in excess of GNP.
	(3)Banking-loaning of money for interest, and extension (inflation/
counterfeiting) of economic value through deposit loan accounts.
	Class  #2  industries  exist  as  producers of tangible or consumer
(dis-  sipated)  products.  This sort of activity is usually recognized and
labeled by the public as an "industry."
	Class  #3  industries  are  those  which have service rather than a
tangible   product   as   their   output.    These  industries  are  called
(1)households,  and  (2)  governments.  Their output is human activity of a
mechanical sort, and their basis is population.

                                   AGGREGATION

	The  whole  economic  system can be represented by a three-industry
model  if  one  allows the names of the outputs to be (1)capital, (2)goods,
and (3)services.  The problem with this representation is that it would not


show  the  influence of, say, the textile industry on the ferrous metal in-
dustry.   This  is  because both the textile industry and the ferrous metal
industry  would  be  contained  within  a  single classification called the
"goods  industry" and by this process of combining or aggregating these two
industries   under   one  system  block  they  would  lose  their  economic
individuality.

                                   THE E-MODEL

	A  national  economy  consists  of simutaneous flows of production,
distribution,  consumption,  and  investment.   If  all  of  these elements
includ-  ing  labor  and  human functions are assigned a numerical value in
like  units  of  measure,  say, 1939 dollars, then this flow can be further
represented  by  a  current flow in an electronic circuit, and its behavior
can be predicted and manipulated with useful precision.
	The  three  ideal  passive  energy  components  of electronics, the
capacitor,  the  resistor,  and  the inductor correspond to the three ideal
passive  energy  components  of  economics  called  the  pure industries of
capital, goods, and services, respectively.
	Economic  capacitance represents the storage of capital in one form
or another.
	Economic  conductance represents the level of conductance of mater-
ials for the production of goods.
	Economic inductance represents the inertia of economic value in mo-
tion.  This is a population phenomenon known as services.

                               ECONOMIC INDUCTANCE

	An  electrical  inductor  (e.g.,  a  coil  of wire) has an electric
current  as  its  primary  phenomenon and a magnetic field as its secondary
phenomenon  (inertia).   Corresponding  to this, an economic inductor has a
flow  of  econo- mic value as its primary phenomenon and a population field
as  its secon- dary phenomenon of inertia.  When the flow of economic value
(e.g.,  money) diminishes, the human population field collapses in order to
keep the economic value (money) flowing (extreme case--war).
	This public inertia is a result of consumer buying habits, expected
standard   of   living,   etc.,   and   is   generally   a   phenomenon  of
self-preservation.

                          INDUCTIVE FACTORS TO CONSIDER

(1)Population  (2)Magnitude  of  the  economic activities of the government
(3)The  method  of  financing  these  government activities (See Peter-Paul
Principle--inflation of the currency.)

                                   TRANSLATION
                         (A few examples will be given.)
	Charge--cous--dollars (1939).
	Flow/Current--amperes  (coulombs  per  second0--dollars of flow per
year.
	Motivating Force--volts--dollars (output) demand.
	Conductance--amperes  per  volt--dollars  of flow per year per dol-
lar demand.
	Capacitance--coulombs  per  volt--dollars  of provuction inventory/
stock per dollar demand.

                           TIME FLOW RELATIONSHIPS AND
                          SELF-DESTRUCTIVE OSCILLATIONS

	An ideal industry may be symbolized electronically in various ways.
The  simplest  way  is to represent a demand by a voltage and a supply by a
current.   When this is done, the relationship between the two becomes what
is called an admittance, which can result from three economic factors:


(1) hindsight flow, (2) present flow, and (3) foresight flow.
	Foresight flow is the result of that property of living entities to
cause  energy (food) to be stored for a period of low energy (e.g.,a winter
season).   It  consists  of  demands  made upon an economic system for that
period of low energy (winter season).
	In  a  production  industry it takes several forms, one of which is
known  as  production  stock  or  inventory.   In electronic symbology this
specific  industry  demand  (a  pure  capital  industry)  is represented by
capacitance  and  the  stock or resource is represented by a stored charge.
Satisfaction  of  an  industry  demand suffers a lag because of the loading
effect of inventory priorities.
	Present flow ideally involves no delays.  It is, so to speak, input
today  for  output today, a "hand to mouth" flow.  In electronic symbology,
this  specific  industry  demand  (a pure use industry) is represented by a
conduc-  tance  which  is  then  a  simple  economic  valve  (a dissipative
element).
	Hindsight  flow  is known as habit or inertia.  In electronics this
phen-  omenon  is the characteristic of an inductor (economic analog=a pure
service  industry)  in which a current flow (economic analog=flow of money)
creates a magnetic field (economic analog=active human popula- tion) which,
if  the current (money flow) begins to diminish, collapse (war) to maintain
the current (flow of money--energy).
	Other  large  alternatives to war as economic inductors or economic
flywheels  are  an  open-ended  social welfare program, or an ENORMOUS (but
fruitful) OPEN-ENDED SPACE PROGRAM [WC emphasis].
	The  problem  with stabilizing the economic system is that there is
too  much  demand on account of (1) too much greed and (2) too much popula-
tion.
	This  creates  excessive economic inductance which can only be bal-
anced  with economic capacitance (true resources or value--e.g.,in goods or
services).
	The  social  welfare  program  is  nothing  more than an open-ended
credit  balance  system  which  creates  a  false  capital industry to give
nonproductive  people  a  roof over their heads and food in their stomachs.
This  can  be useful, however, because the recipients become state property
in  return  for the "gift," a standing army for the elite.  For he who pays
the piper picks the tune.
	Those who get hooked on the economic drug, must go to the elite for
a  fix.   In  this,  the method of introducing large amounts of stabilizing
capacitance is by borrowing on the future "credit" of the world.  This is a
fourth  law  of  motion--onset,  and  consists  of performing an action and
leaving  the  system  before the reflected reaction returns to the point of
action--a delayed reaction.
	The  means  of  surviving  the  reaction  is by changing the system
before  the reaction can return.  By this means, politicians become popular
in  their  own time and the public pays for it later.  In fact, the measure
of such a politician is the delay time.
	The same thing is achieved by a government by printing money beyond
the  limit  of  the  gross  national  product,  an  economic process called
inflation.  [Note:REMEMBER THAT INFLATION IS ONLY THE ACT OF PRINTING MONEY
IN  EXCESS  OF GROSS NATIONAL PRODUCT.  THEY COULD BLAME IT ON THE PRICE OF
WIDGETS  OR OIL ONLY BECAUSE YOU NEVER KNEW THE REAL CAUSE.  THE REAL CAUSE
AND  THE  ONLY  CAUSE  OF INLATION IS THE PRINTING OF MORE MONEY BEYOND THE
GROSS NATIONAL PRODUCT.] This puts a large quantity of money into the hands
of  the public and maintains a balance against their greed, creates a false
self-confidence in them and, for awhile, stays the wolf from the door.
	They  must eventually resort to war to balance the account, because
war  ultimately is merely the act of destroying the creditor, and the poli-
ticians  are  the  publicly  hired hit men that justify the act to keep the
respon-  sibility  and  blood  off  the public conscience.  (See section on
consent factors and social-economic structuring.)


	If  people  really cared about their fellow man, they would control
their  appetites  (greed, procreation, etc.) so that they would not have to
operate  on  a credit or welfare social system which steals from the worker
to satisfy the bum.
	Since most of the general public will not exercise restraint, there
are only two alternatives to reduce the economic inductance of the system.
	(1)Let the populace bludgeon each other to death in war, which will
only result in a total destruction of the living earth.
	(2)Take  control  of  the  world  by  the  use  of economic "silent
weapons" in a form of "quiet warfare" and reduce the economic inductance of
the world to a safe level by a process of benevolent slavery and genocide.
	The  latter  option  has been taken as the obviously better option.
At this point it should be crystal clear to the reader why absolute secrecy
about  the  silent  weapons  is  necessary.   The general public refuses to
improve its own mentality and its faith in its fellow man.  It has become a
herd  of  proliferat-  ing  barbarians, and, so to speak, a blight upon the
face of the earth.
	They  do  not  care enough about economic science to learn why they
have  not  been  able  to  avoid  war despite religious morality, and their
religious  or self-gratifying refusal to deal with earthly problems renders
the solution of the earthly problem unnreachable by them.
	It  is left to those few who are truly willing to think and survive
as  the  fittest to survive, to solve the problem for themselves as the few
who  really  care.  Otherwise, exposure of the silent weapons would destroy
our only hope of preserving the seed of future true humanity....

                             THE HOUSEHOLD INDUSTRY

	The industries of finance (banking), manufacturing, and government,
real  counterparts  of the pure industries of capital, goods, and services,
are easily defined because they are generally logically structred.  Because
of this their processes can be described mathematically and their technical
coefficients  can  be  easily deduced.  This, however, is not the case with
the service industry known as the household industry.

                                HOUSEHOLD MODELS

	...The problem which a theoretical economist faces is that the con-
sumer  preferences of any household is not easily predictable and the tech-
nical  coefficients  of  any  one  household  tend  to be a nonlinear, very
complex, and variable function of income, prices, etc.
	Computer  information derived from the use of the universal product
code  in  conjunction  with credit-card purchase as an individual household
identifier  could  change  this state of affairs, but the U.P.C.  method is
not  yet  available on a national or even a significant regional scale.  To
compensate  for  this  data  deficiency,  an alternate indirect approach of
analysis  has  been  adopted known as economic shock testing.  This method,
widely  used  in the aircraft manufactoring industry, develops an aggregate
statistical sort of data.
	Applied  to economics, this means that all of the households in one
region  or  in the whole nation are studied as a group or class rather than
individually, and the mass behavior rather than individual behavior is used
to discover useful estimates of the technical coefficients of the household
industry  depends  upon  shocking  the prices of a commodity and noting the
changes in the sales of all the commodities.

                             ECONOMIC SHOCK TESTING

	In  recent  times,  the  application  of Operations Research to the
study of the public economy has been obvious for anyone who understands the
principles of shock testing.
	In the shock testing of an aircraft airframe, the recoil impulse of
firing a gun mounted on that airframe causes shock waves in that structure


which  tell  aviation  engineers  the  conditions  under which parts of the
airplane  or  the  whole  airplane  or  its  wings will start to vibrate or
flutter  like  a  guitar  string,  a  flute  reed,  or  a  tuning fork, and
disintegrate or fall apart in flight.
	Economic engineers achieve the same result in studying the behavior
of  the  economy  and  the  consumer public by carefully selecting a staple
commodity  such  as  beef,  coffee,  gasoline, or sugar, and then causing a
sudden  change  or  shock in its price or availability, thus kicking every-
body's budget and buying habits out of shape.
	They  then  observe  the shock waves which result by monitoring the
changes in advertising, prices, and sales of that and other commodities.
	The objective of such studies is to acquire the know-how to set the
public  economy  into  a predictable state of motion or change, even a con-
trolled  self-destructive  state  of  motion which will convince the public
that  certain  "expert"  people should take control of the money system and
reestablish  security  (rather than liberty and justice) for all.  When the
subject  citizens  are  rendered unable to control their financial affairs,
they, of course, become totally enslaved, a source of cheap labor.
	Not  only  the  prices of commodities, but also the availability of
labor  can  be  used  as the means of shock testing.  Labor strikes deliver
excellent  tests  shocks  to an economy, especially in the critical service
areas  of  truck-  ing  (transportation),  communication,  public utilities
(energy, water, gar- bage collection), etc.
	By  shock  testing, it is found that there is a direct relationship
between   the   availability  of  money  flowing  in  an  economy  and  the
psychological  outlook and response of masses of people dependent upon that
availability.
	For  example,  there  is  a  measurable  quantitative  relationship
between  the  price  of  gasoline  and  the probability that a person would
experience  a  headache,  feel  a  need  to  watch a violent movie, smoke a
cigarette, or go to a tavern for a mug of beer.
	It  is  most  interesting  that,  by  observing  and  measuring the
economic  modes  by  which  the public tries to run from their problems and
escape  from reality, and by applying the mathematical theory of Operations
Re-  search,  it  is  possible  to  profram  computers  to predict the most
probable  combination  of  created events (shocks) which will bring about a
complete  control and subjugation of the public through a subversion of the
public economy (by shaking the plum tree)...

                       INTRODUCTION TO ECONOMIC AMPLIFIERS

	Economic amplifiers are the active components of economic engineer-
ing.  The basic characteristic of any amplifier (mechanical, electrical, or
economic)  is  that is receives an input control signal and delivers energy
from  an  independent  energy  source  to  a specified output terminal in a
predictable relationship to that input control signal.
	The  simplest  form  of  economic  amplifier  is  a  device  called
advertising.
	If  a  person  is  spoken  to by a T.V.  advertiser as if he were a
twelve-year-  old,  then,  due  to  suggestibility, he will, with a certain
probability,  respond  or  react  to  that  suggestion  with the uncritical
response  of  a  twelve-year-old and will reach into his economic reservoir
and  deliver its energy to buy that product on impulse when he passes it in
the store.
	An  economic  amplifier  may  have several inputs and outputs.  Its
response  might be instantaneous or delayed.  Its circuit symbol might be a
rotary  switch  if its options are exclusive, qualitative, "go" or "no go,"
or  it  might have its parametric input/output relationships specified by a
matrix with internal energy sources represented.
	Whatever  its  form  might be, its purpose is to govern the flow of
energy  from  a source to an output sink in direct relationship to an input
control signal.  For this reason, it is called an active circuit element or
component.
	Economic  Amplifiers  fall  into classes called strategies, and, in
com- parison with electronic amplifiers, the specific internal functions of
an economic amplifier are called logistical instead of electrical.


	Therefore,  economic  amplifiers  not  only  deliver power gain but
also, in effect, are used to cause changes in the economic circuitry.
	In the design of an economic amplifier we must have some idea of at
least five functions, which are:

(1) the available input signals, (2) the desired output-control objectives,
(3)  the strategic objective, (4) the available economic power sources, (5)
the logistical options.

	The   process   of   defining  and  evaluating  these  factors  and
incorporat-  ing  the  economic  amplifier into an economic system has been
popularly called GAME THEORY [WC emphasis].
	The  design of an economic amplifier begins with a specification of
the  power  level of the output, which can range from personal to national.
The  second  condition  is  accuracy  of response, i.e., how accurately the
output action is a function of the input commands.  High gain combined with
strong feedback helps deliver the required precision.
	Most of the error will be in the input data signal.  Personal input
data  tends  to  be  specific,  while  national  input  data  tends  to  be
statistical.

                              SHORT LIST OF INPUTS

Questions  to be answered:  (1) what (3) where (5) why (2) when (4) how (6)
who  General  sources  of  information:  (1) telephone taps (3) analysis of
garbage  (2)  surveillance  (4)  behavior of children in school Standard of
living  by:   (1)  food  (3) shelter (2) clothing (4) transportation Social
contacts:   (1)  telephone--itemized  record  of calls (2) family--marriage
certificates,  birth  certificates,etc.  (3) friends, associates, etc.  (4)
memberships in organizations (5) political affiliation

THE PERSONAL PAPER TRAIL

Personal  buying habits, i.e., personal consumer preferences:  (1) checking
accounts  (2) credit-card purchases (3) "tagged" credit-card purchases--the
credit-card  purchase  of  products  bearing the U.P.C.  (Universal Product
Code)  Assets:   (1)  checking  accounts  (5)automobile,  etc.   (2) saving
checkings  (6)  safety deposit at bank (3) real estate (7) stock market (4)
business  Liabilities:  (1) creditors (3) loans (2) enemies (see-legal) (4)
consumer  credit  Government  sources  (ploys)*:  (1) Welfare (4) doles (2)
Social  Security  (5)  grants  (3)  U.S.D.A.   surplus  food  (6)  subsides
*Principle  of this ploy-the citizen will almost always make the collection
of  information  easy if he can operate on the "free snadwich principle" of
"eat now, and pay later."


Government  sources  (via intimidation):  (1) Internal Revenue Services (2)
OSHA  (3)  Census  (4) etc.  Other government sources--surveillance of U.S.
mail.

HABIT PATTERNS--PROGRAMMING

Strengths  and  weaknesses:  (1) activities (sports, hobbies, etc.) (2) see
"legal"  (fear,  anger,  etc.--crime  record)  (3)  hospital  records (drug
sensitivities,  reaction  to  pain,  etc.)  (4) psychiatric records (fears,
angers,   disgusts,   adaptability,   reactions   to   stimuli,   violence,
suggestibility  or  hypnosis,  pain,  pleasure,  love  and  sex) Methods of
coping--adaptability--behavior:  (1) consumption of alcohol (2) consumption
of  drugs  (3) entertainment (4) religious factors influencing behavior (5)
other  methods  of escaping from reality Payment modes operandi (MO)-pay on
time, etc.:  (1) payment of telephone bills (2) energy purchases (electric,
gas,...)  (3) water purchases (4) repayment of loans (5) house payments (6)
automobile  payments  (7)  payments  on credit cards Political sensitivity:
(1)   beliefs   (3)  position  (5)  projects/activities  (2)  contacts  (4)
strengths/weaknesses    Legal   inputs--behavior   control   (Excuses   for
investigation,  search,  arrest, or employment of force to modify behavior)
(1)  court  records  (4) reports made to police (2) police records-NCIC (5)
insurance   information   (3)   driving   record   (6)   anti-establishment
acquaintances

NATIONAL OUTPUT INFORMATION

Business  sources  (via I.R.S., etc.):  (1) prices of commodities (2) sales
(3) investments in
      (a) stocks/inventory
      (b) production tools and machinery
      (c) buildings and improvements
      (d)   the   stock  market  Banks  and  credit  bureaus:   (1)  credit
information  (2)  payment information Miscellaneous sources:  (1) polls and
surveys  (2)  publications  (3)  telephone  records  (4) energy and utility
purchases

                              SHORT   LIST   OF   OUTPUTS   Outputs--create
controlled    situations--manipulation    of    the    econ-   omy,   hence
society--control by control of compensation and income.


Sequence:   (1)  allocates opportunities.  (2) destroys opportunities.  (3)
controls  the  economic  environment.  (4) controls the availability of raw
materials.   (5)  controls capital.  (6) controls bank rates.  (7) controls
the  inflation  of  the currency.  (8) controls the possession of property.
(9)  controls  industrial  capacity.   (10)  controls  manufacturing.  (11)
controls the availability of goods (commodities).  (12) controls the prices
of  commodities.   (13)  controls  services,  the  labor  force, etc.  (14)
controls  payments  to  government  officials.   (15)  controls  the  legal
functions.   (16)  controls  the  personal data files--uncorrectable by the
party  slandered.  (17) controls advertising.  (18) controls media contact.
(19)  controls  material  available  for  T.V.   viewing.   (20) disengages
attention from real issues.  (21) engages emotions.  (22) creates disorder,
chaos, and insanity.  (23) controls design of more probing tax forms.  (24)
controls  surveillance.   (25)  controls  the storage of information.  (26)
develops psychological analysis and profiles of individuals.  (27) controls
legal  functions  [repeat  of 15] (28) controls sociological factors.  (29)
controls   health  options.   (30)  preys  on  weaknesses.   (31)  cripples
strengths.  (32) leaches wealth and substance.

                               TABLE OF STRATEGIES

DO  THIS  TO  GET  THIS  Keep  the public ignorant Less public organization
Maintain access to control Required reaction to outputs (prices,sales)
  points for feedback Create preoccupation Lower defenses Attack the family
unit  Control  of  the  education of the young Give less cash and more More
self-indulgence and more data
  credit  to  the  doles  Attack  the privacy Destroy faith in this sort of
government
  of  the church Social conformity Computer programming simplicity Minimize
the tax protest Maximum economic data,minimum
                                       enforcement  problems  Stabilize the
consent  Simplicity  coefficients  Tighten  control  of  variables  Simpler
computer input data--greater
                                        predictability  Establish  boundary
Problem simplicity/solutions of differential
  conditions  and  difference equations.  Proper timing Less data shift and
blurring  Maximize  control  Minimum  resistance  to  control  Collapse  of
currency Destroy the faith of the American
                                         people   in   each   other.   [WC:
Ultimate objective--New World Order]



                         DIVERSION, THE PRIMARY STRATEGY

	Experience has proven that the SIMPLEST METHOD of securing a silent
weapon   and   gaining  control  of  the  public  is  to  KEEP  THE  PUBLIC
UNDISCIPLINED  AND  IGNORANT  of  basic systems principles on the one hand,
WHILE  KEEPING  THEM CONFUSED, DISORGANIZED, AND DISTRACTED with matters of
no  real importance on the other hand.  [WC all emphases.] This is achieved
by:   (1)  disengaging  their  minds;  sabotaging  their mental activities;
providing  a low-quality program of public education in mathematics, logic,
systems  design  and economics; and discouraging technical creativity.  (2)
engaging  their  emotions,  increasing  their self-indulgence and their in-
dulgence in emotional and physical activities, by:
     (a)  unrelenting  emotional affrontations and attacks (mental and emo-
tional rape) by way of a constant barrage of sex, violence, and wars in the
media--especially the T.V.  and the newspapers.
     (b)   giving   them   what  they  desire--in  excess--"junk  food  for
thought"--and  depriving  them  of  what  they  really need.  (3) REWRITING
HISTORY  and  LAW  and  SUBJECTING THE PUBLIC TO THE DEVIANT CREATION, thus
being  able  to  SHIFT  THEIR  THINK-  ING  from  personal  needs to highly
fabricated outside priorities.  [WC all emphases.]
	These  preclude  their  interest  in  and  discovery  of the silent
weapons of social automation technology.
	The  general  rule  is  that there is profit in confusion; the more
confusion,  the  more  profit.   Therefore,  the best approach is to create
problems and then offer the solutions.

                                DIVERSION SUMMARY

	Media:  Keep the adult public attention diverted away from the real
social issues, and captivated by matters of no real importance.
	Schools:   Keep the young public ignorant of real mathematics, real
economics, real law, and REAL HISTORY [WC emphasis].
	Entertainment:   Keep  the  public  entertainment below sixth-grade
level.
	Work:   Keep  the  public  busy, busy, busy, with no time to think;
back on the farm with the other animals.

                          CONSENT, THE PRIMARY VICTORY

	A  silent  weapon  system operates upon data abtained from a docile
public  by  legal  (but not always lawful) force.  Much information is made
available to silent weapon systems programmers through the Internal Revenue
Service.   (See  Studies  in  the  Structure of the American Economy for an
I.R.S.  source list.)
	This   information   consists   of   the   enforced   delivery   of
well-organized  data  contained  in  federal and state tax forms collected,
assembled,   and  submitted  by  slave  labor  provided  by  taxpayers  and
employers.
	Furthermore, the number of such forms submitted to the I.R.S.  is a
useful  indicator  of  public  consent,  an  important  factor in strategic
decision making.  Other data sources are given in the Short List of Inputs.
	Consent Coefficients--numerical feedback indicating victory status.
Psychological  basis:  When the government is able to collect tax and seize
private  property  without  just compensation, it is an indication that the
public  is  ripe  for  surrender and is consenting to enslavement and legal
encroachment.   A  good  and easily quantified indicator of harvest time is
the number of public citizens who pay income tax despite an obvious lack of
reciprocal or honest service from the government.



                          AMPLIFICATION ENERGY SOURCES

	The  next step in the process of designing an economic amplifier is
discovering  the  energy  sources.   The  energy  sources which support any
primitive  economic  system  are, of course, a supply of raw materials, and
the  consent of the people to labor and consequently assume a certain rank,
position,  level,  or class in the social structure; i.e., to provide labor
at various levels in the pecking order.
	Each  class,  in guaranteeing its own level of income, controls the
class  immediately  below  it,  hence  preserves the class structure.  This
provides stability and security, but also government from the top.
	As  time  goes  on  and  communicatin  and  education  improve, the
lower-class elements of the social labor structure become knowledgeable and
envious  of  the  good things that the upper-class members have.  They also
begin  to  attain  a knowledge of energy systems and the ability to enforce
their rise through the class structure.
	This threatens the sovereignty of the elite.
	If this rise of the lower classes can be postponed long enough, the
elite  can  achieve  energy  dominance, and LABOR BY CONSENT NO LONGER WILL
HOLD A POSITION [WC emphasis] of an essential economic energy source.
	Until  such energy dominance is absolutely established, the consent
of  people  to labor and let others handle their affairs must be taken into
consideration,  since  failure to do so could cause the people to interfere
in the final transfer of energy sources to the control of the elite.
	It  is  essential to recognize that at this time, public consent is
still  an essential key to the release of energy in the process of economic
amplification.
	Therefore,  consent as an energy release mechanism will now be con-
sidered.

                                    LOGISTICS

	The  successful  application of a strategy requires a careful study
of  inputs, outputs, the strategy connecting the input and the outputs, and
the  available  energy  sources to fuel the strategy.  This study is called
logistics.
	A  logistical problem is studied at the elementary level first, and
then  levels of greater complexity are studied as a synthesis of elementary
fac- tors.
	This  means that a given system is analyzed, i.e., broken down into
its subsystems, and these in turn are analyzed, until, by this process, one
arrives at the logistical "atom," THE INDIVIDUAL [WC emphasis].
	This  is  where  the  process  of  SYNTHESIS [WC emphasis] properly
begins, and at the time of the birth of the individual.

                               THE ARTIFICIAL WOMB

	From  the  time a person leaves its mother's womb, its every effort
is  directed  toward building, maintaining, and withdrawing into artificial
wombs, various sorts of substitute protective devices or shells.
	The  objective  of  these  artificial  wombs is to provide a stable
environ-  ment  for both stable and unstable activity; to provide a shelter
for  the  evolutionary processes of growth and maturity--i.e., survival; to
provide  security  for  freedom  and  to  provide  defensive protection for
offensive activity.
	This  is  equally  true  of  both the general public and the elite.
However, there is a definite difference in the way each of these classes go
about the solution of problems.



                      THE POLITICAL STRUCTURE OF A NATION--
                                   DEPENDENCY

	The  primary reason why the individual citizens of a country create
a  political structure is a subconscious wish or desire to perpetuate their
own  dependency  relationship  of childhood.  Simply put, they want a human
god to eliminate all risk from their life, pat them on the head, kiss their
bruises,  put  a  chicken  on every dinner table, clothe their bodies, tuck
them into bed at night, and tell them that everything will be alright [sic]
when they wake up in the morning.
	The  public demand is incredible, so the human god, the politician,
meets  incredibility with incredibility by promising the world and deliver-
ing nothing.  So who is the bigger liar?  the public?  or the "godfather"?
	This  public  behavior  is  surrender  born  of fear, laziness, and
expedien-  cy.  It is the basis of the welfare state as a strategic weapon,
useful against disgusting public.

                                 ACTION/OFFENSE

	Most  people  want  to  be  able  to subdue and/or kill other human
beings  which  disturb  their  daily lives, but they do not want to have to
cope  with  the moral and religious issues which such an overt act on their
part  might  raise.   Therefore,  they  assign  the  dirty  work  to others
(including their own children) so as to keep the blood off their own hands.
They  rave  about  the  humane  treatment of animals and then sit down to a
delicious  hamburger  from a whitewashed slaughterhouse down the street and
out  of  sight.   But  even  more hypocritical, they pay taxes to finance a
professional  association  of  hit men collectively called politicians, and
then complain about corruption in the government.

                                 RESPONSIBILITY

	Again,  most people want to be free to do things (to explore, etc.)
but they are afraid to fail.
	The   fear  of  failure  is  manifested  in  irresponsibility,  and
especially  in  delegating  those personal responsibilities to others where
success  is  uncer-  tain  or carries possible or created liabilities (law)
which  the  person  is  not  prepared to accept.  They want authority (root
word--"author"),  but they will not accept responsibility or liability.  So
they hire politicians to face reality for them.

                                     SUMMARY

The  people  hire  the  politicians  so  that  the  people can:  (1) obtain
security without managing it.  (2) obtain action without thinking about it.
(3)  inflict  theft,  injury,  and death upon others without having to con-
template  either  life  or  death.   (4) avoid responsibility for their own
intentions.   (5)  obtain  the  benefits  of  reality  and  science without
exerting themselves in the discipline of facing or learning either of these
things.

They  give the politicians the power to create and manage a war machine to:
(1) provide for the survival of the NATION/WOMB (2) prevent encroachment of
anything  upon  the  NATION/WOMB  (3)  destroy  the enemy who threatens the
NATION/WOMB  (4)  destroy  those  citizens  of their own country who do not
conform for the sake of stability of the NATION/WOMB
	Politicians  hold  many  quasi-military  jobs, the lowest being the
police which are soldiers, the attorneys and the C.P.A.s next who are spies
and saboteurs (licensed), and the judges who shout the orders and run the


closed union military shop for whatever the market will bear.  The generals
are  industrialists.   The  "presidential"  level  of commander-in-chief is
shrared  by  the  international  bankers.   The  people know that they have
created this farce and financed it with their own taxes (consent), but they
would rather knuckle under than be the hypocrite.
	Thus, a nation becomes divided into two very distinct parts, a DOC-
ILE  SUB-NATION  [great  silent  majority] and a POLITICAL SUB-NATION.  The
political  sub-nation  remains attached to the docile sub-nation, tolerates
it, and leaches its substance until it grows strong enough to detach itself
and then devour its parent.

                                 SYSTEM ANALYSIS

	In  order  to make meaningful computerized economic decisions about
war,  the  primary  economic  flywheel,  it is necessary to assign concrete
logistical  values  to  each  element  of  the war structure--personnel and
material alike.
	This  process  begins  with  a  clear and candid description of the
subsys- tems of such a structure.

                                    THE DRAFT
                              (As military service)

	Few  efforts  of human behavior modification are more remarkable or
more  effective  than  that  of the socio-military institution known as the
draft.   a  primary  purpose  of  a  draft  or other such institution is to
instill,  by  intimidation,  in the young males of a society the uncritical
conviction that the government is omnipotent.  [WC Note:  The truth is just
the opposite, as government exists only with the consent of the people.] He
is  soon taught that a prayer is slow to reverse what a bullet can do in an
instant.  Thus, a man trained in a religious environment for eighteen years
of  his  life can, by this instrument of the government, be broken down, be
purged  of  his  fantasies  and delusions in a matter of mere months.  Once
that conviction is instilled, all else becomes easy to instill.
	EVEN  MORE  INTERESTING  IS  THE  PROCESS  BY  WHICH  A YOUNG MAN'S
PARENTS, WHO PURPORTEDLY LOVE HIM, CAN BE INDUCED TO SEND HIM OFF TO WAR TO
HIS  DEATH  [WC  emphasis].  Although the scope of this work will not allow
this  matter to be expanded in full detail, nevertheless, a coarse overview
will  be  possible  and  can  serve  to  reveal those factors which must be
included  in  some  numerical form in a computer analysis of social and war
systems.
	We  begin  with  a  tentative  definition  of the draft.  THE DRAFT
(selec-  tive  service,  etc.)  is  an institution of COMPULSORY collective
SACRIFICE  and  SLAVERY, devised by the middle-aged and the elderly for the
purpose of pressing the young into doing the public dirty work.  It further
serves  to make the youth as guilty as the elders, thus making criticism of
the  elders  by  the  youth  less  likely (Generational Stabilizer).  It is
marketed  and  sold  to  the public under the label of "patriotic=national"
service.
	Once  a  candid  economic definition of the draft is achieved, that
defini-  tion  is  used  to  outline the boundaries of a structure called a
Human  Value  System,  which  in  turn is translated into the terms of game
theory.   The  value  of  such a slave laborer is given in a Table of Human
Values,  a  table  broken  down  into  categories by intellect, experience,
post-service job demand, etc.
	Some  of  these  categories  are  ordinary  and  can be tentatively
evaluated  in  terms  of  the  value  of certain jobs for which a known fee
exists.   Some  jobs  are  harder  to  value because they are unique to the
demands  of  social  subversion,  for  an  extreme example:  the value of a
mother's  instruction to her daughter, causing that daughter to put certain
behavioral  demands upon a future husband ten or fifteen years hence; thus,
by  suppressing  his  resistance to a perversion of a government, making it
easier  for  a  banking cartel to buy the State of New York in, say, twenty
years.



	Such  a  problem  leans  heavily  upon the observations and data of
wartime  espionage  and  many  types  of  psychological testing.  But crude
mathematical  models  (algorithms, etc.) can be devised, if not to predict,
at least to predetermine these events with maxium certainty.  That does not
exist  by  natural cooperation is thus enhanced by calculated compul- sion.
Human  beings  are  machines,  levers  which may be grasped and turned, and
there is little real difference between automating a society and automating
a shoe factory.
	These  derived  values  are  variable.   (It  is necessary to use a
current  Table  of  Human  Values  for computer analysis.) These values are
given  in  true  measure  rather  than  U.S.   dollars, since the latter is
unstable,  being presently inflated beyond the production of national goods
and  services  so  as  to  give the economy a false kinetic energy ("paper"
inductance).
	The  silver  value  is  stable,  it  being possible to buy the same
amount with a gram of silver today as could be bought in 1920.  Human value
measured  in  silver  units  changes  slightly due to changes in production
technology.

                                   ENFORCEMENT

FACTOR I
	As  in  every social system approach, stability is achieved only by
understanding and accounting for human nature (action/reaction pat- terns).
A failure to do so can be, and usually is, disastrous.
	As   in  other  human  social  schemes,  one  form  or  another  of
intimidation  (or  incentive)  is  essential  to  the success of the draft.
Physical principles of action and reaction must be applied to both internal
and external subsys- tems.
	To  secure  the draft, individual brainwashing/programming and both
the  family  unit  and  the  peer  group  must be engaged and brought under
control.

FACTOR II--FATHER
	The  man of the household must be housebroken to ensure that junior
will grow up with the right social training and attitudes.  The advertising
media,  etc.,  are  engaged to see to it that father-to-be is pussy-whipped
before  or by the time he is married.  He is taught that he either conforms
to the social notch cut out for him or his sex life will be hobbled and his
tender  companionship  will  be  zero.  He is made to see that women demand
security more than logical, principled, or honorable behavior.
	By  the  time  his  son  must  go  to war, father (with jelly for a
backbone)  will  slam  a gun into junior's hand before father will risk the
censure  of  his  peers,  or  make  a  hupocrite of himself by crossing the
investment  he has in his own personal opinion or self-esteem.  Junior will
go  to  war  or  father will be embarrassed.  So junior will go to war, the
true purpose not withstand- ing.

FACTOR III--MOTHER
	The  female  element of human society is ruled by emotion first and
logic  second.   In  the  battle between logic and imagination, imagination
always wins, fantasy prevails, maternal instict dominates so that the child
comes  first  and  the future comes second.  A woman with a newborn baby is
too  starry-eyed  to see a wealthy man's cannon fodder or a cheap source of
slave  labor.   A  woman  must,  however,  be  conditioned  to  accept  the
transition to "reality" when it comes, or sooner.
	As the transition becomes more difficult to manage, the family unit
must  be carefully disintegrated, and state-controlled public education and
state-operated  child-care  centers  must  become  more  common and legally
enforced  so  as  to  begin the detachment of the child from the mother and
father  at  an  earlier age.  Inoculation of behavioral drugs [Ritalin] can
speed the transition for the child (mandatory).  CAUTION:  A woman's impul-
sive anger can override her fear.  An irate woman's power must never be


FACTOR IV--JUNIOR
	The  emotional prssure for self-preservation during time of war and
the  self-serving  attitude of the common herd that have an option to avoid
the  battlefield--if  junior can be persuaded to go--is all of the pressure
finally  necessary  to propel Johnny off to war.  Their quiet blackmailings
of  him  are  the  threats:   "No  sacrifice,  no  friends;  no  glory,  no
girlfriends."

FACTOR V--SISTER
	And  what  about junior's sister?  She is given all the good things
of  life  by  her  father,  and  taught  to expect the same from her future
husband regardless of the price.

FACTOR VI--CATTLE
	Those  who  will  not use their brains are no better off than those
who  have  no  brains,  and  so this mindless school of jelly-fish, father,
mother,  son,  and  daughter, become useful beasts of burden or trainers of
the same.

	[End of excerpt]

WC/Author's  Note:   So  now you know.  This chapter could only come in the
beginning.  Your preconceived ideas had to be shattered in order for you to
understand  the  rest of this book.  In this chapter you can see every step
that  the  elite have taken in their war to control this once great nation.
You  can see the steps that will be taken in the future.  You can no longer
pretend  innocence.   Your denial of the conspiracy will fall on deaf ears.
This  book  is  part  of the education that will give Americans the weapons
needed  in  the  coming months and years of hardship as the New World Order
struggles to be born.

Many  will  argue  that  "Silent  Weapons  for  Quiet Wars" is only a bogus
conglomeraton  of words for which the writer has never taken credit or res-
ponsibility.   Those  who  do  so  ignore the self-evident truths contained
within  the  document.   They  ignore  these  truths  because  they  are an
indictment of their own ignorance, which they cannot face.

The  document,  first found in 1969, correctly outlines events which subse-
quently  came to pass.  It cannot be ignored or dismissed.  The document is
genuine.   Its  truths  cannot be negated or shrugged away.  The message is
this:   You  must  accept  that  you  have  been  cattle  and  the ultimate
consequence  of  being  cattle--which  is  slavery--or  you must prepare to
fight, and if neces- sary die to preserve your God-given right to Freedom.

That  last  sentence is the real reason why people choose to ignore "Silent
Weapons  for Quiet Wars." People are not ready to admit that they have been
cattle.   They  are  not  prepared  to  fight, and if necessary to die, for
Freedom.   It  is  an  indictment  of  the citizens of the United States of
America.   And  that  is  the  total  confirmation  of  the  truth  of  the
information contained in "Silent Wea- pons for Quiet Wars."


	This has been another informative text file sent to you 
	Via UMF.. Please Wake Up Before it's too late & Spread
	These Files & the word.. it is the only way to peace..

           _  ________  ___ _________        _  _____________ _____
          / \ \  __   \(___)        /|___   / \ \       \    |    /
         /  \ \/     /|   |       / |   | / | \ \  _,   \   !   /
        /  |  \|     \|   |\     /  !   |/     \/\/    _/\_   _/
       /   !   \   !   \   |Z\/ \/       /      \   \   \_/   \
       \______ /______ /___|!/___\_______\___| __/__ |\___/_____\
      = =====\/======\/======================|/=====\|=========== =
                           .) U M F  W H Q (.
                         |\                  /|
      310.652.5688       | \     _,---,_    / |   A3000 68030 50mhz
                          \ \[L]//\ \,' \  / /|
    2 NoDEz RiNGDoWN      |\ \_/ \_\/   \\/ /,|    300 Megs Online
                          | \ /--____-- / //>\'    _
   16.8/14.4 HST DUAL      \/<<, \  /, >\< < /    (_)-D/\Y /\MiG/\!
                            \'\~~ ^^ ~~ /.  /
                             >/   |    \\__/
                             <./\___/\_,>>
                              \~~~~~~~~//
                               \_.--,_/'
               tR$TAr  _____________  _____  _  rEd:sECTOr
               .:....:..\__  ___// _\// __/ /\....:....:.
                :    :    // \/o  _/\_ \\/  \\   :    : 
               .:....:.../O    \  _  \   O\   o\..:....:.
               <:----:9\_____/__/___/_____/____/--:----:>
               .::..   U S  H E A D Q U A R T E R S   ..::.
  --------------------------------------------------------------------
     Online UFO conference and Files. Messages/Pictures/Information
       and other interesting topics regarding UFO & Govt coverups.
  --------------------------------------------------------------------
