
		 _____   _____  _____  _____  _______________
		/    /\ /    /\/     \/     \/\              \
	       /    /  /    / /   __    __   \ \     ________/
	      /    /  /    / /    \ \  / /    \ \    \_____ 
	     /     \_/    / /     /\ \/ /\     \ \     ___/
	     \___________/ /_____/ /    \ \_____\ \____\
	      \__________\ \_____\/      \/_____/ /____/



                         /\______    ________/\___
                         \/_____|---|____--------_|    
                         /___  _~~~_____________|   
                       _/   _\(_) //      
                      (___)(___)~~  
                      /  (____)
                      \__(__)                     

                        UMF Text Magazine Issue #3

                    Information for people with Brains!

                                     A
                             U.S. Police Action

                                 OPERATION
                            VAMPIRE KILLER 2000

                             Typed to Ascii by:
                          The P/\NTHER -TRSI/UMF-

                                Edited  by:
                           [-MEtONeR^tRSI^uMF!-]

            American Police Action Plan for Stopping the Program for
                           World Government Rule.
                                   (N.W.O)



                                Published by:
                    THE AMERICAN CITIZENS & LAWMEN ASSOC.
                               P.O. Box 8712
                           Phoenix, Arizona 85066


                              POLICE AGAINST
                           THE NEW WORLD ORDER.



                        This material is UNCLASSIFIED.

                               ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
                      This material was compiled with the
                    assistance of the agencies listed below

                  THE AMERICAN CITIZENS & LAWMEN ASSOCIATION
                U.S. LAW ENFORCEMENT PROFESSIONALS ASSOCIATION
                         AID & ABET POLICE NEWSLETTER

                    We Police Against the New World Order
                 wish to thank these organizations for their
                      input, information and research.

                 (Any pages not listed in the Contents are
                  pictures that are included in this archive)

	----------------------------------------------------------------
                                   CONTENTS

        Title                                   Page

        Purpose                                 1
        Treason and Sedition                    2
        The New Age/New World Government Plan   3
        Operation Vampire Killer 2000           4
        What "New World"?                       8
        The Famous and Infamous (Quotes)        9
        World Money Powers                      14
        Media Blacks Out the Facts              18
        World Government Under the U.N.         20
        The Religion of the NWO                 23
        New Age Professors                      25
        Psychologists Lead the Way              26
        What is this Thing Called Peace         29
        Traitors' Grand Finales                 34
        A) Race Wars                            34
        B) Ecological Collapse                  34
        C) Visitors from Afar?                  36
        Communism Gone?                         39
        Americans Won't Need Guns in "Utopia"   42
        L.A. Riots-an Orchestration             45
        Remember, It can't Work Without You     51
        A Personal Testimony                    53
        Vampire Killer 2000 Working             58
        Enemy's Worst Nightmare                 62
        How Can You Play a Part                 65
        Battle Cry                              68
        Documents/Plan                          69




                                -1-


                              PURPOSE

The Police Officers, National Guardsmen and military officers who have
contributed to this special publication are aware of a plan to
overthrow the Constitutional Republic of these United States of
America.

This publication, many months in preparation, was found difficult to
compile for many reasons.  One important reason was that none of the
officers involved were pleased with the duty of bringing to the
attention of our colleagues the names and activities of some in our
nation who have been in the past (or presently) engaged in what can
only be described by law as treason and/or sedition against their own
government.  While detailing the plan of these Internationalists, the
main goal of this special police publication will be to promote an
active program that will defend America from those at work forming an
oligarchy of Imperialism against this nation of free people.  The
herein described plan to halt this unAmerican activity can succeed
only with the combined efforts of the People's Protectors (the Police,
Guardsmen and Military) and their countrymen in the private sector.

                                -2-

                        TREASON AND SEDITION

DEFINITIONS
In defining "treason" and "sedition" we look to the Fifth edition of
Black's Law Dictionary, pg. 1345, and pg. 1218

TREASON: Thee offense of attempting by covert acts to overthrow the
government of the state to which the offender owes allegiance; or of
betraying the state into the hands of a foreign power.

SEDITION:   ...knowingly becoming a member of any organization which
advocates the overthrow or reformation of the existing form of
government of this state by violence or unlawful means.

The facts and information about some of the persons and their actions
listed in this special report is prima facie evidence of their long
involvement in activities directly designed to covertly overthrow the
lawful, constitutional government of the United States of America.
These individuals thus hope to deliver the People of the U.S. into the
hands of a foreign power known as the United Nations, which is in
actuality an oligarchy of the world's super rich, who have no
allegiance to any one nation and who control the U.N. from behind the
scenes.

As the reader will find, many of these persons are, or have been,
members of various organizations that have as their purpose the
destruction of this Constitutional Republic.

IMPORTANT NOTE: Not all of the people listed in this report are
involved in treason and sedition against the United States.  Some of
the individuals listed and quoted are presenting evidence of these
crimes committed by others or are listed/quoted for informational
purposes only.

As patriotic Americans of all races, religions and political beliefs,
we claim our right to defend our Republic from all enemies foreign and
domestic.  This educational work is one such attempt.


                                -3-

                THE NEW AGE/NEW WORLD GOVERNMENT PLAN


Many of our Nation's INTERNAL PROTECTORS know of the well-laid plan
which will culminate before the year 2000, to usher the United States,
along with the rest of the nations of the world, into a "utopian"
global community allegedly under the control of a "philanthropic"
United Nations.  A great many of our fellow Officers and National
Guardsmen are taking a stand against this plan because they realize
that their fellow Americans were never allowed to know of this plan
nor given the opportunity to vote on such a change in their
government.  In addition, the officers are concerned patriots and
realize that this plan of world domination is injurious in the
extreme, and a total fraud perpetrated against the people of the
world!

This publication outlines the plan of these American Internal
Protectors which they believe will stop this diabolical agenda.

THE NEW ORDER

Allegedly this new order is being set up to save THE PEOPLE OF THE
WORLD from a whole variety of "imminent" life and world-threatening
disasters.  Of those sworn protectors of the people that are aware of
this global scheme, few realize that the actual behind-the-scenes plan
is for an oligarchy of the world's richest families to place 1/2 the
masses of the earth in servitude under their complete control,
administered from behind the false front of the United Nations.  To
facilitate management capabilities, the plan calls for the elimination
of the other 2.5 billion people through war, disease, abortion and
famine by the year 2000.  As we can plainly see, their plan for
"Population Control" (reduction) is well established and under way.

          WORLD GOVERNMENT PLAN: ALIEN TROOPS TO POLICE U.S.A.

Officers who think they will be at home watching their own children
and spouses are wrong.  Once the NWO is set up in the year 2000 (just
a couple of years away) you, officer, guardsman, and soldiers, will be
in other countries (listed below).  Foreign police troops will be
guarding and enslaving your spouses and children in U.S.A. Here is the
plan-

        See Picture #1 for map

United States troops to be stationed:

Region 12. Australia

Region 32  Uruguay, Argentina

Region 55  Yugoslavia, Greece, Albania, Romania, Bulgaria

Region 58  Austria, Hungary, Czechoslovakia

Region 75  India, Nepal, Blutan, Tibet, E. Pakistan

Region 85  Kazak SSR, Turkmen, Uzbeg, Tadzhik, Kirghiz SSR

        This map, adopted in 1952 in London by the World Association of
Parliamentarians for World Government, shows what alien troops would
occupy and police the six regions into which the United States and
Canada would be divided.

        The ruling body or World Parliament would consist only of
appointed members.  It would reflect population strengths: so Asia
would dominate it.

        There would be a World Director.  8 zone directors and 51
        regional directors.  None of the zone or regional directors
        would ever serve in their own countries.  So an alien would
        command troops stationed in the U.S. and through them enforce
        World Government law, and prevent Americans from "sheltering
        behind national allegiance."



                                -4-

                    OPERATION VAMPIRE KILLER 2000

Our OPERATION VAMPIRE KILLER 2000 plan invokes the awakening
(education) of our fellow officers to the extreme need for them to
take an immediate and active role in assisting their fellow Americans
in stopping this plan for world dominion, using every lawful means
available.

HUMAN PARASITES

These elitists and their families have made most of their massive
fortunes off the American people, and have dedicated entire lifetimes
to using public funds to subjugate the People to the will of their new
world ARISTOCRACY.

This special police officer publication is a private endeavor, and is
dedicated to those sworn Protectors of the People who refuse to play a
role in enslaving their countrymen.  We are proud of these brave
Officers who are presently assisting other patriotic Americans of all
races and creeds in halting this program for world dominion called the

NEW AGE/NEW WORLD ORDER.

Some of our Police/National Guardsmen readers suggested names for this
private police action plan.  Our government, to maintain privacy in
its activities, has long been in the practice of choosing unusual
names for covert operations, such as "Transylvania & Co.", "Garden
Plot", "Operation Zapata", "Thunder Muffin, Inc.", "Operation Watch
Tower", and "Cable Splicer", to name a few.  We Officers, while in the
alternative, desiring the greatest amount of publicity about our plan
of attack against these anti-American types, likewise have chosen a
cute little name for our off-duty, First Amendment POLICE ACTION. That
name is:

OPERATION VAMPIRE KILLER 2000!

                                -5-

It is felt that this name reflects the actual program in which
officers are involved, designed to stop or "kill off" the ongoing,
elitist, covert operation which has been installed in the American
system with great stealth and cunning.  They, the Globalists, have
stated that the date of termination of the American way of life is the
year 2000.  Therefore it is fitting that our date to terminate, at the
very least; their plan, is also the year 2000.

LET IT BE WELL UNDERSTOOD, WE PROTECTORS OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE HAVE
NOT ASKED FOR THIS BATTLE.  IT IS OUR NATION'S ENEMIES WHO HAVE
BROUGHT THIS FIGHT TO THE VERY DOOR OF EVERY GOOD AMERICAN.

BE IT RESOLVED:

* Our prayer and promise is to do all within our power, as faithful
countrymen, to overthrow this evil, treasonous plan in a completely
non-violent, lawful manner.

* Our sworn duty is to protect the people of this nation and its
constitutional, republican form of government from any enemy that
would come against it.

* Our pledge is that WE WILL, BY EVERY MEANS GIVEN TO UNTO US, UPHOLD
OUR OATHS AND FULFILL OUR SWORN DUTY TO OUR COUNTRYMEN.

PUTTING THE STAKE THROUGH DRACULA'S HEART

WHAT CAN WE DO, WHAT SHOULD WE DO?  The Globalists' agenda is a
diabolical program which, through patient gradualism, is slowly
draining the moral, economic and political life blood from the United
States and the hard working American people.

We in America, Officers and private citizens alike, are fortunate that
at this moment in our history we can still LAWFULLY EXTERMINATE these
parasitic Global Blood Suckers by placing numerous "STAKES" made of
words, paper, pen, and hard work through their hardened hearts.


                                -6-

                       EVIDENTIARY FOUNDATION

Presented here are often-used, famous quotes and statements which will
make for easy reference for those who wish to use them to educate our
fellow officers, National Guardsmen and military, or the private
sector.  As the reader will see, most of these statements have been
around for many decades and are known by those who study history and
the machinations of megalomaniacs known today as Globalists.  Most are
not new revelations, but just the opposite; however, few will ever be
found in the controlled press.  There are literally thousands of such
well-worn statements about the coming world government.  We have
selected some of the very best and well known.

INVESTIGATOR'S NOTE: As the investigator will notice not all of the
quotes are documented as to date and place of utterance.  This will
trouble some. If this is a problem to the reader, he should either
eliminate those quotes, or consider, as police investigators do, the
great preponderance of evidence pointing toward any given hypothesis!
In addition, as in other investigations, sometimes the investigator
must look at the results to accurately check the validity of the
information one is receiving.  This is to say, that may times we must
look to see if what the statement purported would occur, ACTUALLY
OCCURRED, in order to check and see if the original information
received was valid.  As the investigator will recognize, this is the
same process used by law enforcement in proving the reliability of a
Confidential Informant (CI).  The reader will readily see that what
the undocumented statements listed in this publication exposed, or
stated would occur in the future, has either occurred, or is in the
process of taking place today.  Therein lies the proof of the validity
of the original statements and why they were chosen to be included in
this publication.

FACTS SPEAK FOR THEMSELVES

FROM THEIR WORKS YOU WILL KNOW THEM.  Here are their words and works,
and some very important evidence (STAKES) to use and expose and "kill
off" the World Government Vampires in our society.  In addition to
this are included other pertinent materials (government maps, etc.)
all of which revealed other parts of the same treasonous operation.

With these facts in hand, our nation's internal protectors, police and
National Guardsmen, will be able to alert even the most hard-headed of
our colleagues to understand that: VERY SOON, IF WE DO NOT STOP THESE
WORLD GOVERNMENT PROPONENTS, AND INSTALL IN PLACES OF LEADERSHIP
HONORABLE MEN AND WOMEN, ALL MILITARY, NATIONAL GUARDSMEN AND OFFICERS
OF THE LAW WILL BE USED

                                -7-

AS THE "ENFORCEMENT ARM" TO GUARANTEE A FULL COMPLEMENT OF
"VOLUNTEERS" FOR THESE IMPERIALISTS' "PEACEFUL" SOCIALIST GLOBAL
SOCIETY.

EXPOSURE IS THE DEATH KNELL OF THE NEW WORLD ORDER

Investigating Officers always must demand proof of a crime.  No
assumption can stand alone.  Here are the confessions right from the
mouths of these parasites of liberty.  Once armed with this
information, our PLAN is simply for each Officer to take this
publication, make copies of it (or order more copies) and pass them
out ASAP to every Police Officer and National Guardsman he knows.  All
officers, for their own welfare, and in order to be of assistance,
need these facts.  Keep in mind that these global government Blood
Suckers, just like the old movie Vampires, must do their dirty deeds
in darkness.  The purpose of this publication is to bring that
darkness to light!  If we do this, the only other activity we "Police
Against the New World Order" need apply is to UPHOLD OUR OATH OF
OFFICE.  In other words, our duty is to protect the people and their
rights under the U.S. and State Constitutions.

We welcome every Internal Protector that loves liberty and has taken
an oath "to protect our U.S> Constitution and the freedoms of their
fellow countrymen", to join us in

                   SAYING "NO" TO THE NEW WORLD ORDER.



                                -8-

                          WHAT "NEW WORLD" ?

Man's desire to rule the world is as old as his presence on earth.  The
"New" World Order is actually the same old plan for world domination.
Biblical history itself shows this to be true.  The Tower of Babel was
one such futile attempt by men to set up a ONE WORLD SOCIETY without
God.  And God Himself crushed it.  Satan tempted even Jesus, promising
Him world dominion as His reward.  This same promise has been given to
scores of other men over the ages.  History tells of many who have
accepted the Great Deceiver's terms.  This diabolical quest has
continued on through the 19th Century and into the 20th, with national
and world figures each successively making plans for world rule.  Listed
here are but a few of such statements from many past decades up to the
present.

HOW SHALL WE KNOW?

Some among us ask, "How shall we know when tyranny has come to America's
door?" There are very few answers that our Founding Fathers failed to
leave us regarding the proper and improper role of government.  Here is
the answer to the question of how we shall recognize tyranny:

"SINGLE ACTS OF TYRANNY MAY BE ASCRIBED TO THE ACCIDENTAL OPINION OF A DAY;
 BUT A SERIES OF OPPRESSIONS, BEGUN AT A DISTINGUISHED PERIOD, AND
PURSUED UNALTERABLY THROUGH EVERY CHANGE OF MINISTERS (ADMINISTRATIONS),
TOO PLAINLY PROVES A DELIBERATE, SYSTEMATIC PLAN OF REDUCING US TO
SLAVERY." - Thomas Jefferson. (Has tyranny come to America?)

Another of our Founders said - "WHEN THE GOVERNMENT FEARS THE PEOPLE
THERE IS LIBERTY; WHEN THE PEOPLE FEAR THE GOVERNMENT THERE IS TYRANNY".
(There is no question at this time in our history that Americans fear
their government.)

                                -9-

                    THE FAMOUS & INFAMOUS-QUOTES

Like the legendary Vampire Dracula lays claim to his victims, the
Globalist slowly drains the essence of life and liberty from our Land.
While it may be surprising to some, we will begin this overview of U.S.
treason and debauchery with America's current, number one proponent of
world conquest, President George Bush:

GEORGE HERBERT WALKER BUSH, President of U.S., CFR Director,
Trilateralist, "Lip-reader", CIA Director.  Bush, one moonlit night in
1948 at Yale University, crawled naked into a coffin.  With 15 brother
"Bonesmen" (as they call one another) encircling him, he told personal
tales of debauchery, took an occult oath, was raised ("born-again") as a
MAN-GOD, jumped into a pile of mud, thus joining the occult, elitist
Skull & Bones Society.  He, indeed, is still a "Boner" today.

	See Picture 2.

Bush spoke before Congress on Sept. 11, 1990, delivering a speech which
he entitled "Toward a New World Order".  Addressing the subject of his
Gulf War, he made his first public utterance of his, and his rich
cronies' plans for a world imperialism in stating that the war against
Iraq was "...a rare opportunity to move toward an historic period of
cooperation.  Out of these troubled times... a new world order can
emerge."

                                -10-

Let us take a moment to compare the statements of the "Father of our
Republic" with those of Internationalist George "Boner" Bush:

"The great rule of conduct for us, in regard to foreign nations, is in
extending our commercial relations to have as little political
connection as possible." "...Why, by interweaving our destiny with that
of any part of Europe, entangle our peace and prosperity in the toils of
European ambition, rivalships, interest, humor, or caprice?" "...It is
our true policy to steer clear of permanent alliances with any portion
of the foreign world." - George Washington, September 19, 1796. (Which
George should we follow?)

Bush has given his New World Order (NWO) pep talks at least 20 times
over the last two years for various groups around the world.  Space does
not allow us to list all of these treasonous discourses; however,
several more are listed further on in this report.

NOTE: DON'T MISTAKE THIS "BUSH BASHING" AS ANTI-REPUBLICANISM!

Many of our Officers are deeply involved in either the Socialistic
Republican Party of the Socialist Democratic Party.  Both parties have
played a large part in setting America on the course toward 3rd World
Nation status.  Bill Clinton's goals are identical to Bush's - - A New
World Order Imperialism.  Perot's ideas for government are also
pro-Globalism.

We can give Bush credit that his recent unabashed utterance of his dream
of a New World Order served to awaken at least a few slumbering
Americans.  These Americans now understand that, what was long planned
and covertly implemented, is well on its way to fruition.  Some will
remember historical accounts of other megalomaniacs of the past who
acted  upon similar global ambitions. Several of the following are
relatively recent examples:

ADAM WISEHOPHF, professor at Germany 's Ingolstadt University, founded
The Order of the Illuminati on May 1, 1776.  This man designed the very
plan of world domination that is still in use today to enslave the
world's masses. Here, upon establishing his "Order of the Illuminati",
he smugly reflects on his "conning" the gullible Christians of his day,
saying:

"The most wonderful thing of all is that the distinguished Lutheran and
Calvinist theologians who belong to our order really believe that they
see it in (Illuminati) the true and genuine sense of Christian religion.
Oh mortal man, is there anything you cannot be made to believe?

                                -11-

Evidently not!  And a high percentage of Christians today are still
being conned in the same way.  One prime example of this are the
millions of Christians, and most church denominations, who have fallen
for the NWO plan of a "One World RELIGION", being spearheaded by the
United Nations' National and World Counsel of Churches, behind the
battle cry of ecumenicalism.

Watch the future and we will see only small groups of spiritual
Americans, who will resist following the millions of "religious" lambs
to slaughter.  The Lord of the Bible always warned His people to never
follow the MULTITUDE.

WORLD & NATIONAL LEADERS POINT THE WAY

Let us continue with statements from those who over the last few
generations have recognized the One World conspiracy.

BENJAMIN DISRAELI, Prime Minister of England, was attributed with this
statement in 1844: "The world is governed by very different personages
from what is imagined by those who are not behind the scenes."

WINSTON CHURCHILL, Prime Minister of England, stated to the London press
in 1922: "From the days of Sparticus, Wisehophf, Karl Marx, Trotski,
Belacoon, Rosa Luxenberg, and Ema Goldman, this world conspiracy has
been steadily growing.  This conspiracy played a definite recognizable
role in the tragedy of the French revolution.  It has been the
mainspring of every subversive movement during the 19th century.  And
now at last this band of extraordinary personalities from the underworld
of the great cities of Europe and America have gripped the Russian
people by the hair of their head and have become the undisputed masters
of that enormous empire."

JUSTICE FELIX FRANKFURTER, U.S. Supreme Court Justice: "The real rulers
in Washington are invisible and exercise power from behind the scenes."

JOHN F. HYLAN, Mayor of New York 1918-1925, said "The real menace of our
Republic is the invisible government which like a giant octopus sprawls
its slimy legs over our cities states and nation."

FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT, U.S. President, in a letter written Nov. 21, 1933
to Colonel E. Mandell House, Roosevelt states: "The real truth of the
matter is, as you and I know, that a financial element in the large
centers has owned the government of the U.S. since

                                -12-

the days of Andrew Jackson." (History points to the last truly honorable
and incorruptible American president as Andrew Jackson "Old Hickory".)

ROWAN GAITHER, President of the Ford Foundation, in 1954 lends proof to
what we know to be fact today, namely that many of our Presidents have
been a knowing part of this World Conquest plot. Mr. Gaither stated to
Congressional Reese Commission investigator Norman Dodd: "We operate
here under directives which emulate from the White House...The substance
of the directives under which we operate is that we shall use our grant
making power to alter life in the United States so that we can
comfortably be merged with the Soviet Union." (Ike was President at
that time.)

CARROLL QUIGLEY, Professor of History at Georgetown University, member
of the CFR (one of the U.S. organizations dedicated to World Government)
stated in his book "Tragedy and Hope": "The Council on Foreign Relations
(CFR) is the American Branch of a society which originated in England...
(and)...believes national boundaries should be obliterated and
one-world-rule established." (Professor Quigley, according to his book,
was totally dedicated to the One World Government program.  Hundreds of
our City, State and National politicians are members of this and other
NWO groups.  Governor Clinton, for example, attended Georgetown U. and
stated that his mentor, Professor Q, taught him so many wonderful
things.  Since Gov. Clinton and his wife are totally dedicated,
International Socialists and NWO promoters, perhaps Prof. Q. did have a
great affect!)

BARRY GOLDWATER, U.S. Senator (Arizona) in his book "WITH NO APOLOGIES",
stated this about another Globalist group: "The Trilateral Commission is
international (and) is intended to be the vehicle for multinational
consolidation of the commercial and banking interests by seizing control
of the political government of the United States.  The Trilateral
Commission represents a skillful, coordinated effort to seize control
and consolidate the four centers of power- POLITICAL, MONETARY,
INTELLECTUAL, AND ECCLESIASTICAL."

PETER HOAGLAND, Nebraska State Senator and Humanist, speaking on radio
in 1983 with the great American Pastor and Patriot Everett Sileven said:
"Fundamental, Bible-believing people do not have the right to
indoctrinate their children in their religious beliefs because we, the
state, are preparing them for the year 2000, when America will be part
of a one-world global society and their children will not fit in."

                                -13-

DAVID ROCKEFELLER, Internationalist billionaire, Humanist, CFR kingpin,
founder of the Trilateral Commission, World Order Godfather (and in all
probability the High School graduate voted "Most Likely to Be Hanged for
Treason"), voiced his praise of the controlled U.S. media for keeping
their oath not to divulge the Globalist plans to the public.  Speaking
to his fellow conspirators at a meeting, June 1991 in Baden Baden,
Germany, of yet one more infamous World Order group, the Bilderbergers,
Mr. Rockerfeller said:

"We are grateful to the Washington Post, The New York Times, Time
Magazine and other great publications whose directors have attended our
meetings and respected their promises of discretion for almost forty
years."

He went on to explain:

"It would have been impossible for us to develop our plan for the world
if we had been subject to the bright lights of publicity during those
years.  But, the world is now more sophisticated and prepared to march
towards a world government.  The supranational sovereignty of an
intellectual elite and world bankers is surely preferable to the
national autodetermination practiced in past centuries".

(It is not reported if the attendees kissed his ring - or anything else
- after their leader bestowed his blessing on those in attendance).
Actually, we could ask Governor Clinton or Dan Quayle, both of whom were
there.  Bush and Clinton are Bilderbergers, Internationalists, and their
goals are exactly the same for America.

Let us repeat... CLINTON'S, BUSH'S, AND PEROT'S, PLANS FOR AMERICA ARE
VIRTUALLY IDENTICAL.  The Republicans and Democrats goals for America
are virtually identical.  They both are taking our nation into global
government.

Globalist Mr. Dan Quayle was there at the June 91 meeting being sized up
as a possible Bilderberger U.S. Presidential contender for 1996.  The
major media's job is to convince Americans that the Republicans and
Democrats are on opposite sides and fighting each other.

                                -14-

JAMES PAUL WARBURG, Foreign Agent of the Rothchild Dynasty, major player
in the Federal Reserve Act scam: on February 17, 1950, while speaking
before the United States Senate, this pompous Internationalist boasted
confidently, "We shall have World Government, whether or not we like it.
The only question is whether World Government will be achieved by
conquest or consent."

ROBERT KENNEDY, former U.S. Attorney General of the U.S: "All of us will
ultimately be judged on the effort we have contributed to building a NEW
WORLD ORDER." - 1967. (We can all agree with Robert on one thing: All
Traitors who participate in the NWO WILL be judged one day!)


                                -15-

                        THE WORLD MONEY POWERS

The Global MONEY Vampires are in control of the finances of most of the
world.  Here are some statements of those who, past and present, have
been aware of that control:

GEORGE W. MALONE, U.S. Senator (Nevada), speaking before Congress in
1957, alluded to the families that secretly own the "Federal" Reserve
Bank and control the finances of the U.S.. He stated:

"I believe that if the people of this nation fully understood what
Congress has done to them over the last 49 years, they would move move
on to Washington; whey would not wait for an election...It adds up to a
preconceived plan to destroy the economic and social independence of the
United States!"

THOMAS JEFFERSON, U.S. President: "I believe that banking institutions
are more dangerous to our liberties that standing armies.  Already they
have raised up a moneyed aristocracy that has set the Government at
defiance.  The issuing power should be taken from the banks and restored
to the people to whom it properly belongs."

JAMES A. GARFIELD, U.S. President: "Whoever controls the volume of money
in any country is absolute master of all industry and commerce."

HENRY FORD, Founder of Ford Motor Company, commented on the privately
owned "Federal" Reserve System scam: "It is well enough that people of
the nation do not understand our banking and monetary system, for if
they did, I believe there would be a revolution before tomorrow
morning."

                                -16-

LEWIS MCFADDIN, U.S. Congressman, said this about those same
international financial conspirators, during the very time they were
taking over the monetary control of America: "We have in this country
one of the most corrupt institutions the world has ever known.  I refer
to the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Banks, hereinafter
called the FED.  They are not government institutions.  They are
private monopolies which pray upon the people of the United States for
the benefit of themselves and their foreign customers..."

AMERICAN MECURY MAGAZINE, December 1957, pg. 92 "The invisible Money
Power is working to control and enslave mankind.  It financed Communism,
Fascism, Marxism, Zionism and Socialism.  All of these are directed to
making the United States a member of a World Government..."

(With very little study one can easily prove the above is 100% factual
and correct!)

MAYER AMSHEL BAUER, (Alias Rothschild/Head Bloodsucker) The Godfather of
the Rothschild Banking Cartel of Europe stated, "Give me control of a
nation's money and I care not who makes the laws."

(Our Congress gave him and fellow International Bankers complete control
of the U.S. monetary system through passage of the "Federal" Reserve
Act, the Income Tax Act, and the 17th Amendment in 1913.)

ROTHSCHILD BROTHERS OF LONDON.  In a letter discussing their new banking
scheme with fellow conspirators, June 25, 1863, they stated:

"The few who understand the system, will either be so interested in its
profits, or so dependent on its favors that there will be no opposition
from that class.  The great body of people, mentally incapable of
comprehending the tremendous advantages will bear its burden without
complaint".

(This was long before their takeover of the U.S. Banking system.)

RUSSELL MUNK, Assistant General Counsel, Dept. of the Treasury, in a
1977 letter admitted: "Federal Reserve Notes Are Not Dollars."

(Then what is that paper stuff in your wallet?)

                                -17-

ONE LAST WORD ON THE MONEY VAMPIRES: Do we wonder why so many Americans
are being sucked dry and are losing their homes, farms and businesses of
each Americans are being sucked dry and are losing their homes, farms
and businesses each week? Is it just "cycliacal (temporary) economic
downturn" as the Establishment "Experts" and controlled media tell us?
That is a fabrication to the 10th power.  If any Officer doubts this
after reading the preceding statements by the money parasites, it would
be wise to consider this secret communique circulated among the leading
U.S. Bankers only, way back in 1934, entitled.

"THE BANKER'S MANIFESTO":

"Capital must protect itself in every way...Debts must be collected and
loans and mortgages foreclosed as soon as possible.  When through a
process of law the common people have lost their homes, they will be
more tractable and more easily governed by the STRONG ARM OF THE LAW
(Cops) applied by the central power of leading financiers.  People
without homes will not quarrel with their leader.  This is well known
among our principal men now engaged in forming an imperialism of
capitalism to govern the world.  By dividing the people we can get them
to expend their energies in fighting over questions of not importance to
us except as TEACHERS OF THE COMMON HERD." (Taken from the Civil
Servants' Year Book, "The Organizer" Jan. 1934.)

Well, fellow "Strong-Arms-of-the-Law", Americans are now losing over
4,000 homes, 2,000 farms, 2,500 businesses per week to the Money
Vampires who made the prior statement. Is it just coincidence?  How many
homes, businesses and farms have you helped take away from good
Americans for the IRS/Banksters?  For those Officers who still do not
know it, "YES, THE IRS IS AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THE WORLD ORDER PLAN TO
DIVEST AMERICANS OF THEIR WEALTH, AND MAKE THE PEOPLE THEMSELVES PAY FOR
THEIR OWN NATIONAL DESTRUCTION."

The above should make every Officer stop and think before assisting the
bankers or "their" IRS government revenue agents.

It happens a thousand times a day across this land that our fellow
Officers are unknowingly made a party to fraud and theft.  And if you
are one such Officer, then YOU unknowingly become the "executioners" for
the men behind this diabolical system.  Take heart, Officer.  You can
learn, as many others have, how to be a VAMPIRE KILLER, uphold your oath
to protect the American People, and at the same time stay within the
law.

                                -18-

                      MEDIA BLACKS OUT THE FACTS

"BUT SURELY, IF THIS WORLD CONSPIRACY WERE TRUE I WOULD HAVE HEARD ABOUT
IT IN THE DAILY NEWS!"

As in all investigations, it always comes down to, "How can we prove our
case?"  We personally feel it's hard to top the proof coming from the
mouths of the very ones involved in this treacherous unAmerican program.
Here's one terrific example.  John Swinton, the former Chief of Staff
for the New York Times, was one of America's best loved newspapermen.
Called by his peers "The Dean of his Profession", John was asked in 1953
to give a toast before the New York Press Club, and in so doing made a
monumentally important and revealing statement. He is quoted as follows:

"There is no such thing, at this date of the world's history, in
America, as an independent press.  You know it and I know it.  There is
not one of you who dares to write your honest opinions, and if you did,
you know beforehand that it would never appear in print.  I am paid
weekly for keeping my honest opinion out of the paper I am connected
with.  Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and
any of you who would be so foolish as to write honest opinions would be
out on the streets looking for another job.  If I allowed my honest
opinions to appear in one issue of my paper, before twenty-four hours my
occupation would be gone.  The business of the journalist is to destroy
the truth; to lie outright; to pervert; to vilify; to fawn at the feet
of common, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread.
You know it and I know it and what folly is this toasting an independent
press?  We are the tools and vassals of rich men behind the scenes.  We
are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance.  Our talents,
our possibilities and our lives are all the

                                -19-

property of other men.  We are intellectual prostitutes."
Hard to believe? If there is any doubt - read on.

RICHARD M. COHAN, Senior Producer of CBS political news said: "We are
going to impose OUR AGENDA on the coverage by dealing with issues and
subjects that WE choose to deal with."

RICHARD SALANT, former President of CBS News stated: "Our job is to give
people not what they want, but what WE decide they ought to have."

And what is their "agenda"?  What do they believe we, the american
people, - THE COMMON HERD, "...ought to have"? Here is the answer:

                U.S. COMMUNIST SAYS "LIBERALISM" IS SOCIALISM

NORMAN THOMAS, For many years the U.S. Socialist Presidential candidate
proclaimed:  "The American people will never knowingly adopt Socialism.
But under the name of "liberalism" they will adopt every fragment of the
Socialist program, until one day America will be a Socialist nation,
without knowing how it happened."

(How sadly true his words.  He (Thomas) and Gus Hall, the U.S. Communist
Party candidate, both quit Americans politics, agreeing that the
Republican and Democratic parties by 1970 had adopted every plank of the
Communist/Socialist Party and they no longer had an alternative party
platform on which to run.)

Following are some statements made by a few America's top news
personalities, but altered just slightly.  In honor of Socialist
Presidential candidate Thomas, following each use of the word "liberal"
let's place also the word "socialist". This may help us gain some
insight into why America, after 70-plus years of continual "liberal"
indoctrination on every media, educational, and political front, has
drawn "Socialism/Communism" and the New World Order to her bosom.

HERMAN DISMORE, foreign editor of the N.Y. Times from 1950 to 1960: "The
New York Times is deliberately pitched to the liberal (socialist) point
of view."

WALTER CRONKITE: "News reporters are certainly liberal (socialist) and
left of center."

BARBARA WALTERS: "The news media in general are liberals (socialist)."

We could go on, but I believe we get their point!


                                -20-

                    WORLD GOVERNMENT UNDER THE U.N.

Just what is this most "wonderful" global organization all about?

DR. KURK E. KOCH, Professor, Lectured at 100 Universities in 65
countries on 5 continents.  Subjects of expertise: New World Order,
Occultism, Extreme Movements, Parapsychology.  His assessment of the
coming NWO under the United Nations is that it will reduce everything to
one common denominator:

"The system will be made up of a single currency single centrally
financed government, single tax system, single language, single
political system, single world court of justice, single head (one
individual leader), single state religion."

He further states: "Each person will have a registered number, without
which he will not be allowed to buy or sell; and there will be one
universal world church.  Anyone who refuses to take part in this
universal system will have no right to exist."

We should ask the following question of those fellow Officers who may
doubt that they will be asked to enforce such a system on the American
people, "Whom do they think will enforce all of this?"  Who will make
the masses "fit-in"? Who will "remove" those who do not fit-in?  Will it
be the auto mechanics, bankers, school teachers, bakers, or candlestick
makers???  Or, is it more likely to be Enforcement Officers?

JOHN E. RANKIN, U.S. Congressman: "The United Nations is the greatest
fraud in all History.  Its purpose is to destroy the United States."


                                -21-

GEORGE BUSH, New York 1991, "My vision of a NEW WORLD ORDER foresees a
United Nations with a revitalized peacekeeping function."

And one more classic quote from our traitor President: "It is the SACRED
principles enshrined in the UN Charter to which we will henceforth
pledge our allegiance." - UN Building, February 1, 1992.

UNBELIEVABLE! That ought to FRY THE GRITS OF EVERY LAWMAN AND TRUE
AMERICAN THAT READS THIS QUOTE.
Brother and sister Officers, how many of you are going to take a
"sacred" oath of allegiance to the U.N. World Government?

Imagine, there will still be a few of our fellow Officers who will read
this treasonous claptrap and not believe that they will soon be
ENFORCERS in a totalitarian world government.

There is no question that Bush, Clinton and Perot want Officer to join
them in swearing allegiance to such as the following:

UNITED NATIONS' WORLD CONSTITUTION: "...The age of nations must
end...The governments of the nations have decided to order their
separate sovereignties into one government to which they surrender their
arms."

NEED WE SAY MORE?

We must, with great haste, awaken our fellow officers and ask them,
"Will you pledge your allegiance to this NEW SLAVE STATE as your traitor
President of his fellow Internationalists Slick Willie Clinton and
H.Ross Perot believe you will??

ZBIGNIEW BREZHINSKY, National Security Advisor to Pres. Jimmy Carter and
advisor to 4 other presidents, Exec. Dir. of Trilateral Comm., Marxist
and proud of it!  Here he speaks about what a New World Order will be
like: "The technetronic era involves the gradual appearance of a more
controlled society.  Such a society would be dominated by an elite,
unrestrained by traditional values."

                                -22-

WE MUST MAKE OFFICERS LISTEN!  Whom do we think will "dominate" the
masses in UN-controlled society of "non-traditional" (unGodly) values?

ZBIGNIEW continues: "Soon it will be possible to assert almost
continuous surveillance over every citizen and maintain up-to-date
complete files containing even the most personal information about the
citizen.  These files will be subject to instantaneous retrieval by the
authorities." - From Zbig's book, BETWEEN TWO AGES.

ADLAI STEVENSON, Council on Foreign Relations member and promoter of
U.N. "Salvation": "The U.S. program (UN program) calls for total
elimination of national capacity to make international war." (Take
comfort in the fact that the U.N. Promises to protect us.)

WALT RUSTOW, Council on Foreign Relations member and U.N. spokesmen: "It
is in the American interest to put an end to Nationhood." (Sure it is,
Walter!)

HUMANIST MANIFESTO, Article 12: "We deplore the division of humankind on
nationalistic grounds.  We have reached a turning point in human history
where the best option is to transcend the limits of national sovereignty
and to move towards the building of a world community.  We look towards
the development of a system of world law, world order, based upon
transnational government." (Humanists propose that the United Nations
care for and control all peoples of the earth.)

LT. COL. JAMES "BO" GRITZ (RET), U.S. Presidential Candidate 1992, Most
decorated Green Beret Commander in American history.  Commander, U.S.
Army Special Forces, Latin America.  Chief, Delta force.  This great
American hero explains the conspiracy within the U.S. government as
follows:  "...A spider web of "patriots for profit," operating from the
highest positions of special trust and confidence, have successfully
circumvented our constitutional system in pursuit of a New World Order.
They have infused America with drugs in order to fund covert operations
while sealing the fate of our servicemen left in Communist prisons.

Hiding behind a mask of official righteousness, this secret combination
seeks to impose its own concept of geopolitical navigation, nullifying
liberty as the hard won birthright of all Americans".

                                -23-

                  THE RELIGION OF THE NEW WORLD ORDER?

DAVID SPANGLER, Director of PLANETARY INITIATIVE, (a United Nations
World government group): "No one will enter the New World Order unless
he or she will make a pledge to worship Lucifer.  No one will enter the
New Age unless she will take a Luciferian Initiation."

RALPH NADER: "Is there a number or mark planned for the hard or forehead
in a new cashless society?  YES, and I have seen the machines that are
now ready to put it into operation."

(Does this sounds familiar - hand and forehead???) This "marking" may be
another job for our U.S. Police Officers/Guardsmen, soon to be U.N.
Enforcers, who have taken to U.N. oath of allegiance which "Boner" Bush
mentioned earlier.)

FRENCH TRAVEL POSTER

1992 French "New World Order" Color Poster: Depicts people as robots,
constructing a new Tower of Babel inside the old tower that God had
destroyed.  These robotic people are trying to reach their god who is
depicted with the sigh of Lucifer (the Goat of Mendez five pointed star)
above the newly built tower.  The caption reads, "EUROPE: MANY TONGUES,
ONE VOICE."

As students of the Scriptures know, the building of the Tower of Babel
was man's first attempt to set up a World Order.  God himself destroyed
this abomination and punished the people.  This poster is most
revealing.  A copy in the right hands can assist in pointing out to our
colleagues that many of those who are in leadership in establishing this
new order are

                                -24-

truly religious, not atheist, as we are led to believe.  But, whom do
they worship?  The poster clearly shows their god is Lucifer and they
are proud of it.  The picture on the poster points out that the New World
Order promoters know the Scriptures and they are determined to once
again defy the One True God.

We are presently in the process of trying to get several hundred of
these French New World Order Posters.  It looks like we may be
successful and some of you may wish to have one.  If you are interested
here is the deal: The donations/proceeds from the sales of this color
poster will be used as a fundraiser to reach and educate more of our
colleagues in Law Enforcement.  Order through Aid & Abet Police
Newsletter for $6 single, $10 for 2, $4 for 3-5. $3 P&H for protective
 tube container.  (If we get them in, it will have to be "first come,
 first served".)


                                -25-

            NEW AGE PROFESSORS TEACH OUR CHILDREN'S TEACHERS

Turning now to education, let's quote a few of the top U.S. spokesmen
and professors in that field, to see the over-all philosophy used to
train our teachers, who then go on to prepare our children for the New
World Order.

DR. CHESTER PIERCE, Harvard University Professor, Humanist, New World
Order Guru.  This Professor instructs teachers and those students who
aspire to become teachers of our children as follows:

"Every child in America who enters a school at the age of five is
mentally ill, because he comes to school with an allegiance to our
institutions, toward the preservation of this form of government that we
have.  Patriotism, Nationalism, and sovereignty, all that proves that
children are sick because a truly well individual is one who has
rejected all of those things, and is truly the international child of
the future."

DR. PAUL BRANDWEIN, Leading U.S. child psychologist.  This man also
instructs teachers on how to recognize mental disability in our school
children. He states: "Every child who believes in God is mentally ill."
(All government schools have a psychologist.)

DR. SIDNEY SIMON, Lecturer, Educator who some say specializes in
encouraging immoral and criminal activity in youths.  He instructs
teachers as follows:

"We do not need any more preaching about right and wrong.  The old 'thou
shalt nots' simply are not relevant." Further he says, "Values
clarification is a method for teachers to change the values of children
without getting caught."

                                -26-

HUMANIST CURRICULUM: Along with these "Humanist Wackos" training our
nation's teachers to be "change agents" for their New World Order, there
is the matter of the literature that they have for teachers to use to
instruct American children.  One such book entitled "Weep for Our
Children", might explain to Police Officers a great deal about why crime
rates in school age children are skyrocketing.  Consider this one
passage touting the humanistic "Values Clarification/Situation Ethics"
program:

"It's OK to lie.  It's OK to steal.  It's OK to have premarital sex.
It's OK to cheat or to kill if these things are part of your value
system, and you clarified these values for yourself.  THe important
thing is not what values you choose, but that you have chosen them
yourself freely and without coercion of parents, spouse, priest, friends,
ministers or social pressure of any kind."

This type of values/moral code (or lack thereof!) is all to evident in
America's schools today, as many Police Officers know.  many officers
write expressing alarm at seeing this type of unholy "Situation Ethics"
instruction so wide-spread in our nation's schools.

PSYCHIATRISTS LEAD THE WAY

For decades, it has been the job of those within the psychology field to
introduce to the American public the idea that those who believe in God
are sick and must be "enlightened" or eliminated, and that "immorality"
is the only path to the NEW AGE.  And indeed it is.  The several quotes
below will drive home this well planned scenario.

BERTRAND RUSSELL, philosopher, educator and atheist: "I think the
subject which will be of most importance politically is Mass
Psychology...It's importance has been enormously increased by the growth
of modern methods of propaganda...ALthough this science will be
diligently studied, it will be rigidly confined to the governing class
(Elite).  The populace will not be allowed to know how its convictions
were generated."

One of the great Psychiatric Gurus of Mental Health speaks:

DR G. BROCK CHISHOLM, First head of the World Federation of Mental
Health (A NWO group.) "What basic psychological distortion can be found
in every civilization of which we know anything?  The only psychological
force capable of producing these perversions is morality - the concept
of right and wrong.  The re-interpretation and eventual

                                -27-

eradication of the concept of right and wrong are the belated objectives
of nearly all psychotherapy."

"The pretense is made that to do away with right and wrong would produce
uncivilized people, immorality, lawlessness, and social chaos.  The fact
is that most psychiatrists and psychologists and other respected people
have escaped from moral chains and are able to think freely." - Taken
from the updated book, NONE DARE CALL IT TREASON, by J.A. Stormer.

Police Officers have been among the first to notice that such teachings
have produced exactly the results he (the good Doctor) said they would
not produce.  He lied.  There is no greater promoter of change than
FEAR, and no greater creator of fear than chaos and lawlessness
throughout a nation.  The enemy of our system knows that immorality
breeds chaos and lawlessness.  Chaos and lawlessness breeds fear in the
people and when fearful enough the people will accept any solutions.
Guess what the solution is?

We agree with Dr. Chisholm, that most of these minions of
"psycho-babble" have truly "escaped" from any and all moral foundation
in their lives.  Anything their patients dream up is perfectly O.K. and
encouraged by most such "professionals".  This "there is no right or
wrong" psycho-babble is what is being drilled into the heads of those
American school children whose parents have unfortunately placed them in
Government Indoctrination Centers which we erroneously call our
"educational" system.


In case any officer reading this publication thinks that this change in
the morals of our nation is accidental, he or she must read the book,
"THE SOVIET ART OF BRAIN WASHING - A Synthesis of the Russian Textbook
on Psychopolitics", written by a Kenneth Goff.  In this book, Goff, a
one-time dues-paying member of the Communist Party, writes: "During my
training I was trained in Psychopolitics.  This was the art of capturing
the minds of a nation through brainwashing and fake mental health."

Kenneth Goff paid a high price for his efforts to alert the American
people.  After attempting to inform America of Marxist-trained
Psychologists being placed inside the U.S. to change the morals and
beliefs of our nation, he mysteriously died from poisoning in 1943.  His
farewell in his book says: "This manual of the Communist Party should be
in the hands of every loyal American, that they may be alerted to the
fact that it is not always by armies and guns that a nation is
conquered."  In this book is found an address by Beria, the Head

                                -28-

of the Lenin University School of Psychopolitics.  His 1933 address to a
group of American/Marxist Psychology students is most revealing.

Speaking to this group who would be returning to ply their treachery in
the U.S. he said:

"A psychopolitician must work hard to produce the maximum chaos in the
fields of 'mental healing.' You must work until every teacher of
psychology unknowingly or knowingly teachers only Communist doctrine
under the guise of 'psychology.' You must labor until every doctor and
psychiatrist is either a psycho-politician or an unwitting assistant to
our aims.  You most labor until we have dominion over the minds and
bodies of every important person in your nation (America).  You must
work until suicide arising from mental imbalance is common and calls
forth no general investigation or remark... You must dominate as
respected men the fields of psychiatry and psychology.  You must
dominate the hospitals and universities... You can come and take your
instruction as worshipers of Freud...Psychopolitics is a solemn charge.
With it you can erase our enemies as insects.  You (psychologists) can
change their (leaders) loyalties by psychopolitics.  Given a short time
with a psychopolitician you can alter forever the loyalty of a soldier
in our hands or a statesman or a leader in his own country, or you can
destroy his mind.

Use the courts, use the judges, use the Constitution of the country, use
its medical societies and its laws to further our ends...By
psychopolitics create chaos.  Leave a nation leaderless.  Kill our
enemies.  And bring to Earth, through Communism, the greatest peace man
has ever known.  Thank you."

(This is only a short part of Beria's speech to the visiting American
psychology students.)

NOTE: Everything he asked these students to accomplish when they
returned to practice their "art" in our nation has occurred.  And now we
can look forward to that "peace" he promised under the U.N. New World
Order.

                                -29-

                  WHAT IS THIS THING CALLED "PEACE" ?

JOSEPH STALIN stated that after Communism succeeds, "...then, there will
come a peace across the earth."

KARL MARX said, "...the meaning of peace is the absence of opposition to
Socialism."

THE LORD GOD said, "...they have seduced my people, saying PEACE; and
there was NO PEACE." (Ezekiel 13:10)

St. Paul said, "For when they shall say, 'PEACE and SAFETY', then sudden
destruction comes upon them, as travail upon a woman with child; and
they shall  not escape." (1 Thes. 5:3)

We should note that the Globalist' main tactic and motivation to entice
the world's people into their United Nations trap is ultimate "PEACE and
SAFETY".

FOUNDING FATHERS' RECIPE FOR SUCCESSFUL GOVERNMENT

This affords a good chance to show the contrast between the kind of
government our great leaders of the past gave us as a nation, and the
immoral cesspool that is in place today.  Using the memorable quotes
that follow, compare and see if you can figure out why today our
government, our families, and individuals lives by the millions are
falling apart.


                                -30-

JAMES MADISON: "We have staked the whole future of American
civilization, not upon the power of government, far from it.  We have
staked the future...upon the capacity of each and all of us to govern
ourselves, to sustain ourselves, according to the Ten Commandments of
God." (Question: Do we still govern and sustain ourselves by the Ten
Commandments today?)

JOHN ADAMS: "Our Constitution was made only for a religious and moral
people.  It is wholly inadequate for the government of any other."
(Question: Are Americans still a religious and moral people?)

BENJAMIN FRANKLIN: "Man will ultimately be governed by GOD or by
tyrants." (Question:Which is it that governs us today)

GEORGE WASHINGTON: "The people know it is impossible to rightly govern
without GOD and the BIBLE." (Question: Are we sure the American people
still know this today?)

ANDREW JACKSON: "The BIBLE is the rock on which our Republic rests."

(Two Questions: -1) When is the last time you have heard of a public
official honestly and accurately call America a Republic? 2) On the
other hand, can a democracy rest on the BIBLE?

DANIEL WEBSTER: "If we abide by the principles taught in the BIBLE, our
country will go on prospering." (Question: Why is our nation not
prospering?)

ALEXIS DE TOQUEVILLE: Upon visiting America in the early 19th century,
this French historian observed: "America is great because America is
GOOD. If America ever ceases to be good it will cease to be great."

* QUESTION: Based on the above quotes, "Why did America become the
greatest nation in history?"

* QUESTION: Did the Founders place the concept of Separation of CHurch
and State in our Constitution? Answer: NO. It is found only in the
Communist Constitution.

* QUESTION: If one wanted to destroy a nation like America, would he not
look to what the Founders said was the cornerstone (Laws of God) upon
which our REpublic was built, and then ATTACK THAT VERY FOUNDATION?

                                -31-

GOALS OF AMERICA's ENEMIES

KARL MARX: "My object in life is to dethrone God and destroy
capitalism."  (Question: Has he succeeded?)

LEV DAVIDOVICH TROTSKY: "Religions are illogical primitive ignorance.
There is nothing as ridiculous and tragic as a religious government."

ANOTHER QUESTION: Is Trotsky's or Marx's plan any different than the
Humanist Movement's plan?  Check below.

AMERICAN HUMANIST MOVEMENT, Doctrinal statement:

"We are humanist...We are not for God...We are for socialism."

HUMANIST MAGAZINE, 1983 Jan.-Feb. issue. Humanist John J. Dunphy: "I am
convinced that the battle for humankind's future must be waged and won
in the public school classroom by teachers that correctly perceive their
role as proselytizers of a new faith which will replace the rotting
corpse of Christianity."

HAVE THEY REACHED THEIR GOALS? (Check it out below.)


                      COMMUNIST RULES FOR REVOLUTION
           (Captured at Dusseldorf in May 1919 by Allied Forces)

1. Corrupt the young; get them away from religion.  Get them interested
in sex.  Make them superficial; destroy their ruggedness.

2. By specious argument cause the breakdown of the old moral virtues:
honesty, sobriety, continence, faith in the pledged word, ruggedness.

3. Encourage civil disorders and foster a lenient and soft attitude on
the part of government toward such disorders. (L.A. riots were just a
coincidence?! ... Of course!)

4. Divide the people into hostile groups by constantly harping on
controversial matters of no importance. (Racial differences?)

5. Get people's minds off their government by focusing their attention
on athletics, sexy books, plays, and other trivialities.

                                -32-

6. Get control of all means of publicity.  (Media)

7. Destroy the people's faith in their natural leaders by holding the
latter up to contempt, ridicule and obloquy (disgrace).

8. Cause the registration of all firearms on some pretext, with a view
to confiscation and leaving the population helpless.

This is only a partial list.  It was secured and stamped with the seal
of Florida State Attorney, George A. Broutigam.  This material testimony
was taken from someone he terms "a known member of the Communist Party".
According to this Communist's testimony this strategy is still part of
the Communist plan to overthrow free societies such as the United
States.

(Can the reader find any of these 8 items that has NOT already been
installed in the American system?)

IN CONTRAST:

Thomas Jefferson says, "To compel a man to furnish funds for the
propagation of ideas he disbelieves and abhors is sinful and
tyrannical." (Indeed it is!)

Most officers don't realize it but their federal and state governments
are funding programs that were created by anti-American/New World Order
proponents for the express purpose of lowering America's economic,
spiritual and moral standards.  (The North American Free Trade Agreement
another destructive device being foisted on gullible Americans.)

PLAN WORKING PERFECTLY

So far we have put the spotlight on a good many New World ORder BLOOD
SUCKERS - obvious spies, seditions, traitors, some of them Americans,
some foreign.  There is an important, underlying factor in all this that
must not be missed:  The global conspirators, along with thousands of
their world government "comrades" in the U.S. have been deliberately
whipping the American public into a fearful frenzy.

With just the "right" manipulations, they have been successfully
conditioning our people to see all our societal systems - governmental,
political, educational, penal, ecological, etc. - as completely out of
control.  This is not true.

                                -33-

Let us not be fooled.  All of these areas are completely under their
control and have been for decades.

They are functioning just as well as the enemy wishes them to function.
Remember also what Rowan Gaither, head of the Ford Foundation said (on
page 12 of this publication), the task is to "covertly lower the
standard of living, the whole social structure, of America so that we
can be MERGED with all other nations."

FACT: Their Parasitic PLAN to cause this total (controlled) breakdown is
"right on course".  The American system is collapsing "on time", and
just as programmed.  Remember what FDR said, "In politics nothing
happens by accident.  If it happened, you can bet it was planned that
way."

The plan of these globalists is that when America, the last "holdout",
is brought to its knees, the American "sheep" will beg their new god
(GOVERNMENT) to save them!  The "salvation" they are demanding will be
the merging together of all nations under that great "bastian of peace
and freedom", the United Nations.

                                -34-

                       TRAITORS' GRAND FINALES
                       (Martial law the Goal.)

PLAN A

RACE WARS: We will see the fanning of the flames of their planned RACE
WAR program in the months ahead as government, through some of their
covert national organizations, promotes "whites hating people of color"
and vice-versa.  Aided by their controlled media, and NWO
government-paid agitators/"leaders" on both sides, the goal is to
frighten Americans, of all colors, into accepting Martial Law.  These
elitists actually have no lover for "minorities" or "commoners" of any
race.  Those who have studied these Imperialists will notice that there
is continual intermarriage among these super rich Internationalists'
families.  NEVER do they participate in the mixing of blood other than
BLUE BLOOD.  The race-mixing program was created for their "subjects" -
i.e. the world's common people of all races.  Some of these
Internationalists have stated over the years, "...when all other humans
are of one color, (brown), then they will be more easily managed."

KEEP THE RACES FROM JOINING TOGETHER!

Racial strife is one of their most important NWO tools and they mean to
keep it going.  It has worked well for promoting the globalist cause in
the recent past.  HATE must be kept flowing to prevent the various races
in America from finding out the truth.  If they find out

				-35-

who is destroying their freedoms and economic future, they might find some
way to work together to overthrow their COMMON ENEMY.

WHO ARE THE AGENT-PROVOCATEURS?

Our problem is in identifying these NWO lackeys (agent/provocateurs).
Incoming intelligence over the years has informed us that these
provocateurs are of all racial mixes.  Yes, whites, blacks, hispanic etc.
are involved in promoting planned racial hate incidents and tensions to
assist in causing the masses to accept Martial Law and serve the NWO gang.
Although these employee/provocateurs have been promised a position of power
in this "utopian" Socialist society, it is a shame that they are not smart
enough to know that they are to be "eliminated" when their usefulness has
run out. (As has been the practice of every Marxist/Socialist conquering
army after taking power.)

There is sound logic in this "execution of your agent/provocateurs", after
you're in power.  The logic is: "If these agents will spy and turn again
their own people, then there is no way you can trust them to not turn on
you."  VERY TRUE!  The other shame is that no tears will be shed for these
traitors to their own people.

PLAN B

The globalists, along with their controlled media, are well along in the
promotion of their PLAN B program.  Here it is: With the threat of nuclear
way supposedly subsiding, the American people "must have" a new Boogie Man!

ECOLOGICAL COLLAPSE:  This phase involves the fraud of the "imminent
ecological collapse of the world". this phase is being promoted by these
who were not able to completely destroy America with Marxism.  These NWO
Marxist have therefore started, or taken over, the various GREEN
(environmentalist) parties.

Many of these environmentalists are rightfully labeled the "WATERMELONS of
the world".  That is to say, green on the outside, but RED (Marxist) on the
inside.  Many wonderful, good, well-intentioned Americans are being duped
into assisting with this fraud.  Sadly, some are our families and friends.

                                -36-

PLAN C

VISITORS FROM AFAR: This phase makes certain that few Americans escape
the NWO program.  How? By creating TOTAL PANIC.  This is accomplished
with 3 choices being offered to the gullible.  The Globalists have
"suddenly" brought to light their long planned and well established
"UFO-Little-Devils-from-Outer-Space" CON, to strike utter fear in the
hearts of all the people of the earth.

* The first choice: The subtle message to us, "the masses", is that, if
we don't go willingly and gently into global government, we will be
"eaten", "raped", or become the experimental guinea pigs of some far-our
evil "SPACE CADETS".  And of course, you can't ask for assistance and
protection from your own country's government because as we all have
been told, "no individual nation could possibly stand a chance in
defense against this obviously 'Superior' Race from space."  AH, but
isn't it wonderful that "salvation" is only a one-world-government
away?!?

* A second twist to this planned scenario is: These "cute little space
things" are our BOSOM BUDDIES; they bring us tiding of good will, and
come "conveniently" to SAVE our world from the brink of total
destruction! "Isn't that precious?!"

In other words, this particular plan is to convince gullible Americans
that anyone of anything (but that Jesus Christ "guy"), WILL SAVE OUR
WORLD!

Quite "coincidentally", these same "funny little fellows" are also here
to set up a UTOPIAN GLOBAL SOCIETY! Surprised?

* And the newest twist to the CON (to grab religious Americans that did
not fall for the first two) is that Christ Himself has sent these
wonderful little "UFO things", in HIS place, to save us.  (Suggesting,
we suppose, that Jesus Christ got busy and had to "delegate".  And as
soon as these "wonderful" Space "Disciples of Christ" get us all
together in a New World Society, He (Christ) will be along to take over.
Think of them as God's Secret Service advance team!) Believe it or not.

Is there something there?..."OUT THERE"? Absolutely! But, are THEY
truly coming from "out-there"? We are not to be told, at this time, the
truth about what these entities are, or who has absolute control over
them.  If we were told the truth we would never fall for their New World
Order UFO con.

                                -37-

It is sad to see coming true what the Scriptures foretold, namely, that
some of the most spiritual and intelligent people in our world are being
completely deceived by our government and "spiritually enlightened"
conmen..(and women).

As foretold, it's happening before our eyes.  SHAME!

In all seriousness, for anyone that does not believe that the UFO scare
is a contrived fraud, it should be agreed that the wise position to take
is on the side of caution.  Consider it possible that those who promote
the NWO plan are presently involved in a "trial run" of all three of the
above-described UFO scenarios.  Such plans are being promoted by the
Globalists, among those whom they consider to be the "Wacko", "Radical",
"Extremist", Nationalist, Pro-American organizations, in order to test
which scenario is more acceptable.  For example, pick any one of the
three scenarios below:

(1) The evil little devils from outer space, who will dissect, destroy,
or devious us all.

(2) The sweet, funny little COSMIC critters who, like our government,
are only "HERE TO HELP YOU"

And lastly, for the gullible religious masses:

(3) The Space "Disciples of God" bringing salvation to earthlings.

Indeed the Globalist care not which we choose.  For they all lead to
their NEW WORLD ORDER.  Tell our brothers and sisters to just - Think
about it!

(Some of the above information has come from those on the "inside" and
some from "outside" of our government.  It's nice to have our own agents
inside their anti-American, anti-God cliques.  What is that French word
- TOUCHE'?)

THE GREAT DELUSION - Will you be caught?

Called America's greatest female writer, Ellen G. White said it like
this:

"The last great delusion is soon to open before us.  Antichrist is to
perform his marvelous works in our sight.  So closely will the
counterfeit resemble the true that it will be impossible to distinguish
between them except by Holy Scriptures."  (The Great Controversy, 1888).
And so it is.

                                -38-

LISTEN CAREFULLY! THIS IS NOT A RELIGIOUS PUBLICATION!

Some may say that this is not the type of publication that should get
into "religion".  We agree, to a point.  However, if religion is being
used by the enemy of America to attack Americans, then like it or not,
we must address it.  It is the enemy of our nation that is using
"spiritualism" to trick millions of religious fellow Officers and
private citizens info falling for their NEW AGE/NEW WORLD ORDER fraud.
One wise tip:  Leviticus 19:31 says, "Regard not them that have familiar
spirits; neither seek after wizards, to be defied by them; I am the
Lord your God."

FOR MORE INFORMATION ON THIS IMPORTANT SUBJECT:

Other Biblical scriptures to check to see if you are being tricked: Lev.
20:6, 27; Deut. 18:10-12;I Sam. 28:3-9; II Kings 21:6,23:24;I Chron.
10:13;II Chron. 10:13; Isa. 8:19,19:3,20:4;Acts 16:16; Rev. 9:21,
18:23;Kings 23:24; Jer. 27:9-10; Exodus 22:18.

If this is not enough, one of the best sources on the "spiritualism"
fraud against the AMerican people is Dr. Cathy Burns' writings on these
subjects.  Write to SHARING - 212 F. 7th. St., MT. Carmel, PA 17851.
This wonderful "brainy" lady is one of the best.  Another very good
source on this "religious" NWO con-job is Tex Marrs' FLASHPOINT
Newsletter.  Write to Living Truth Ministries, 8103 Shiloh COurt,
Austin, Texas 78745.

                                -39-

                COMMUNISM GONE? - DON'T TAKE ANY BETS!

V.I. LENIN: "It would be the greatest  mistake, certainly, to think that
concessions mean PEACE.  Nothing of the kind.  Concessions are nothing
but a new form of war."

DIMITRI MANUALISKY, Soviet Diplomat (1947) revealed the Communists'
intention to brainwash the American public: "We will offer the Christian
world unheard of peace overtures, and these nations, stupid and
decadent, will leap at the chance to be our friends; they will willingly
cooperate in their own destruction.  Then, when their guard is down, and
they have gone to sleep, we will smash them with out clenched fist."

Many gullible Americans, and the controlled U.S. media, will gush, "The
above statement was uttered a long time ago and things have truly
changed in the new Commonwealth of "Independent" States (CIS). Is that
so? Read on!

MIKHAIL GORBACHEV's speech at the 70th anniversary of the Bolshevik
Revolution (1987):  "...In October 1917, we parted with the old world,
rejecting it once and for all.  We are moving toward a new world, a
world, rejecting it once and for all.  We are moving toward a new world,
a world of Communism.  We shall never turn off that road."

And from his speech to the Soviet Politburo, November 1987:

"Gentlemen, comrades, do not be concerned about all you hear about
Glasnost and Perestroika and democracy in the coming years.  These are
primarily for outward consumption.  There will be no significant
internal changes in the Soviet Union, other than for cosmetic purposes.
Out purpose is to disarm the Americans and let them fall asleep. We want
to accomplish three things:

                                -40-

One, we want the Americans to withdraw conventional forces from Europe.

Two, we  want them to withdraw nuclear forces from Europe.

Three, we want the Americans to stop proceeding with Strategic Defense
Initiative."  (And alas, this is what has been done!)

GENERAL SIR WALTER WALKER, Former NATO Commander-in-chief, following the
phony Soviet coup, said: "I consider it my duty to tell you of the
extremely dangerous threats that lie ahead.  I KNOW FOR CERTAIN that we
are now in a period of the greatest strategic deception, perhaps in all
history...The Cold War is NOT over, only in the state of remission...The
Soviet Union is not truly 'on the verge of collapse'.  Western defense,
on the other hand, is."

Many of our readers are Intelligence Officers or former Intelligence
Officers We thanks those readers who are members of the Intelligence
community for providing the following FACTS which back up Gorbie and Sir
Walter Walker's words:

FACT: Russian intelligence agencies are working as hard as ever at
espionage in the U.S. Both the DCI Robert Gates and FBI Director WIlliam
Sessions have spoken out on the high level of Russian intelligence
collection efforts in recent months, now known by its Russian acronym
SVR.  Senior FBI counterintelligence official, Wayne Gilbert states the
same thing, "There has been no apparent reduction in covert intelligence
gathering here by the Russians."  In contrast, Chief of the SVR, Yevgeny
Primakov, said during a recent visit to Sweden, "I can tell you we no
longer have cloak and dagger spies in the traditional sense, agents who
meddle in other countries' internal affairs." - (Newsletter of the
Assoc. of Former Intelligence Officers, Vol. XVII, No. 6, 1992.)

FACT: The KGB is still in control.  As America's Global Elite purposely
the alleged breakup of the Soviet Union.  It is housed under the new
Russian Ministry of Security.  It has been greatly strengthened by
Yelstin and is involved in more espionage activities against the West
than ever before.  As has happened four times in the past, after we (the
West) once again rebuild the Communist infrastructure, the same old KGB
with a new face, will step from its behind the scenes control of CIS to
OUTWARDLY reclaim control of the "New", revitalized, rearmed, and more
powerful Soviet Union.

FACT: America and Canada are disarming unilaterally.

                                -41-

FACT: Unknown to the masses, each of the nations that have split off
from the "defunct" Soviet Union is presently covertly led by hard line
Communists.

FACT: The "defunct" Soviet military is presently building more offensive
weapons of all type, than at any time in its history.  Production rate:

* 1 Tank division per month.

* 700 new fighter aircraft (approx. 58 per months) in 1991 and 1992.

* 1 Nuclear Submarine every two months.

* Numerous Tactical nuke bomb and mobile launchers (actual number
unknown).

(This intel update is per U.S. Intelligence sources 6/92.)

(As with the last 4 times this CON JOB of a "Communist collapse" was
perpetrated, all of this rearming and dramatic increases in espionage
is being accomplished while the Communists' economy "CRASHES".

We must understand that this military build-up can occur only as long
as American tax dollars continue to feed the Commonwealth of
"Independent" States people.  And that is part of the NWO plan.  What is
it "Boner Bush" and other NWO nations are sending them? - 25 billion to
begin with?


Obviously, this has been an unbelievable CON JOB that started in 1917,
when fellow Parasites, Jacob Schiff on Kuhn, Loeb and Company, Prescott
Bush, Max M. Warburg, and a few other traitors sent by Leon Trotsky,
with his 300 New York trained private army of street thugs, to Russia
with $20,000,000 in gold finance Lenin and the Bolshevik Revolution.
These men started Communism for one reason: to promote the takeover of
our nation of free people by Socialists so Americans would not be able
to stand in the way of their New World Order plans. There was no way
they could do this if America remained free, strong, and had no real
threats to her security. For this reason, they built America an enemy!
(There is not space here for a big history lesson regardless of the
importance. For more of an honest review of our historic record read THE
NEW WORLD ORDER by Eustace Mullins. It can be obtained from Ezra Pound
Institute of Civilization, P.O. Box 1105, Staunton, VA. 24401.

                                -42-

Police Officers must remember what the renowned H.L. Mencken said,

"To die for an idea; it is unquestionably noble. But how much nobler it
would be if men died for ideas that were true."

Officers are told the reason guns have to be removed from the American
People is to stop crime and the killing of the innocent. This is a
fabrication. Truthfully, the only reason the guns must be removed is to
stop any chance of our countrymen raising up and throwing off the
"wonderful" programs that their "philanthropic" government leaders have
planned for them.

It is time to seriously consider what each of us will do when these
Global elitists in our government instruct OFFICERS and NATIONAL
GUARDSMEN to go forth and take the guns away from the armed, good people
of your city or town..."FOR THEIR OWN GOOD". Most officers know the day
will come when they will have to make that very hard decision on this
gun removal issue. The evidence is all around us that this day is near.

Consider the Imperialist NWO position. For the World Elite to truly
enjoy their "utopian" Socialist Society, the subject masses must not
have a means to protect themselves against more "voluntary compliance".
When one grasps this logical position, there is no longer any question
about it: THE GUNS WILL HAVE TO GO.

If there are any Officers who will still doubt this, we are about to
prove this planned scenario to you. Keep in mind that the second part of
the three-part plan of the NWO Regional Government program

                                -43-

(which precedes the One World Government) is that Canada, USA, Mexico
and South and Central America are to be combined into one Region. Hence,
the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) is on a FAST-TRACK with
the backing of our notorious NWO President, NWO Congressmen, Senators
and Governors. The other 2 parts presently in the works are:
First part - the uniting of the European Nations (Common Market), and #3
- the uniting of the Asian nations. These will make up the "TRI" [3]
parts of the Tri-lateral One World Government.

Understanding this well planned program will make the following
"PERSONAL PROTECTION" proclamation more clear to any doubting Bobbies.

You will find on the next page a recent declaration from the government
of Australia, which is a member of the British Commonwealth. The
Canadians, our soon-to-be northern countrymen, are also a British
Commonwealth. Question:When we are merged with the British Commonwealth
by the Elitist NWO Parasites will we assume these British Socialists'
anti-gun laws or will they assume ours?

(See Article, page 44.)

Realizing that the plan is to merge us Americans, Latin Americans, and
the Canadians, into one Region, you already know whose guns policies we
are to adopt. (Mexico has the same very limited gun rights as Canada and
Australia.)

DON'T WORRY BE HAPPY, OFFICER!

Officers should not worry. There is a "good" plan to get the guns away
from your fellow Americans. Should officers be concerned - just because
this "good" plan calls for them to go get 200,000,000 firearms (BATF
figures are very low) away from 250,000,000 very "peaceful and
cooperative" citizens? What do you think?

SOME "AN EASY MARK"

Some guns will be easily removed. Many unsuspecting (and very naive)
Americans will turn in their "liberty teeth" (means of personal
protection) when told to do so. Every officer knows such people in the
community, i.e. those "good" citizens who are too scared to oppose
anything their government tells them to do.

                                -44-

	See Picture 3 (If you can't read it then read the following..)

Personal Protection is NO reason to have a gun

If you own a gun which you keep to protect yourself, your family or your
property, you must dispose of it legally.

Under the latest gun laws, personal and property protection are no
longer considered acceptable reasons to possess any type of firearm, or
to get a license.

If you wish to possess any gun, you must have a license and meet the new
requirements for safe storage of the weapon and its ammunition.  When
your current license expires you must reapply if you want to continue to
possess or use a gun.  Be warned, making a false or misleading statement
on your license application could earn you ten years in prison.

Act quickly, if you haven't got a license, now is the time to either
apply for one, or legally dispose of your gun.  One way you can do it
is at your local police station. Possession and use of any firearm for
personal or property protection is illegal and will attract severe
penalties.  No exceptions, no excuses.

NSW Police Service

Responsible Gun Ownership

The New South Wales Government
Putting people first by managing better.

96-SUNDAY TELEGRAPH, JUNE 14, 1992.

                                -45-

Yes, even if they know it's wrong, they will go along of just keep their
mouths shut.  Every captive nation has a large percentage of such
people.  These are the "production units" (PU's) that will fit very well
into the New World Order.  They are ready-made slaves.

As strange as it may seem, many of theses "sheep" still believe that they
can trust and believe in our government to SAVE THEM from anarchy.  This
is amusing to some of our government officials and Police Officers.  It
amazes them that these people are so unaware of what is happening and
continue trusting the same government that has planned and promoted the
anarchy in the streets in the first place - precisely to scare them into
submission.  (See Aid & Abet Police Newsletter 2-2)

L.A. RIOTS - AN ORCHESTRATION.

A Prime example was the recent L.A. riots.  The beating of King was not
part of the plan, but it offered a grand opportunity to accomplish three
important things for the Globalists.

1) Get rid of Chief Gates, who for years has stood in the way of
Socialist - NWO gang member, Tom Bradley and others involved in trying
to get the L.A. Police Dept. into the coming national police force.
(See soon to be release book, THE CENTRALIZATION OF U.S. POLICE POWERS,
available from U.S. Federal Law Research Center, P.O. Box 8712, Phx. AZ.
85066.)

2) Further convince the People that their only salvation from crime and
evil in society will be found in the "protection" provided by a global
government.

3) A grand opportunity for Globalists George, Pete and Tom to practice
FEMA - style Martial Law.  It matters little that some among the masses
have to die.  Remember, the new government philosophy is the same as
that of the Communist, "THE END DOES INDEED JUSTIFY THE MEANS."

Once again, the masses were to think that everything was out of control.
It was not (the riots were planned).  But it was a good enough reason
that in a matter of hours, 2,000 U.S. Marines were on the streets of an
American city.  This was a very important test.  A most severe breach of
Constitutional law was brought to bear; and more importantly, the People

                                -46-

said nothing.  The masses complained only that the government should
have acted sooner and greater strength.  For, when there is anarchy in
the streets the "sheep" do not care who saves them.  This planned
Martial Law scenario actually worked out better than the NWO social
planners ever expected.

DETECTIVE BROWN SPEAKS OUT

Los Angeles County Sheriff's Detective Larry Brown speaking in Phoenix,
Arizona August 1992 stated that there was more behind the riots than the
public knows.  He revealed that known agitators from the Revolutionary
Communist Party (RCP), Socialist WOrkers Party (SWP), Progressive Labor
Party (PLP), Socialist Organizing Network (SON), were there to press for
a riot before it started and some members of these organizations
participated in the rioting, looting, and arson.

He said that Mayor Bradley gave a very inflammatory statement that was
broadcast on L.A. T.V. before the riots.  He states, what many Police
Officers already know, that Mayor Bradley has strongly supported the
Communist Party USA since he first ran for mayor.  Also, he received
support from the ACLU, and the National Lawyers Guild (Both
pro-Communist groups.)  In his 1969 bid to become mayor his political
manager was Communist Party functionary Don Rothenberg.  Gus Hall, the
Director of the Communist Party U.S.A. came to L.A> to tell the
Communists to help elect Bradley.

Some of our fellow Officers in Southern California believe, after
evaluation of the evidence and results, that the outcome of the trial was
planned by certain government officials and carried out with precision by
the judge and prosecutor.  We believe they are right.  How did they
manipulate the jury?  (Read Aid & Abet Police Newsletter Vol. 1, Num.
10, that addresses the science of how this is accomplished.)  There is
no doubt that it was understood what a NOT GUILTY verdict would
accomplish.  But, that's another story.  (See Aid & Abet Vol. 2, Num.1
and Num2., which covers other parts of this incredible well-laid plan
for creating anarchy in the streets and TERROR in the hearts of U.S.
citizens.  The goal: To get the citizens to give up their Bill of Rights
so that their government can make the streets "safe again" through
global government.)

BACK TO "GETTING THEM GUNS!"

Officers should keep in mind that some of the guns are not going to be
easily removed.  For instance, those

                                -47-

owned by true patriots - those freedom-loving Americans who know,
without a doubt, what's coming next if they giver up their guns.  It
should not be a surprise to Police Officers that many good Americans
will not walk meekly into NEW WORLD ORDER slavery. And there are a few
Officers who would want it any other way.

So the question each Officer individually must face is a very difficult
but realistic one:  "Which way will your own gun face when the orders
are issued?" Will you protect the people you have sworn to protect? Or,
will you do what other patriotic officers from other countries have done
to their countrymen, "obediently just follow orders"?

Every Police Officer/Military soldier in every enslaved nation on earth
has had to face this same question.  Certainly, it's an individual
decision whether or not to take lethal action against fellow countrymen
when ordered to take their weapons (and with them their liberty.) But,
each Officer WILL make that decision.

OFFICER, WILL YOU KILL FELLOW COUNTRYMEN WHEN ORDERED TO TAKE THEIR
WEAPONS?  Perhaps it will help that you will be told by superiors, "It's
for the national good", and/or, "It's for the good of society."
(History proves that the nations' Enforcers can expect some such
motivational indoctrination such as this.)

Could there be such a police action, taken against the public, if the
police were told the truth, i.e. "that officers should take the guns and
liberties from the masses so that the Controlling Elite of the nation
can enslave them"? We think not.

Why not?  Because national Police Enforcers are not mercenaries; they
are always highly patriotic and would not do such a thing as enslaving
their countrymen, unless in some manner they were totally convinced that
it was the only thing to do to save their country," the "patriotic"
thing to do..."FOR THE GOOD OF THE COUNTRY" don't you know!

"CRIMINALS" EVERY ONE
Actually, it may not be a difficult decision for some Police Officers
and National Guardsmen, because before it

                                -48-

comes time to take the guns, all these terrible, "radical RESISTERS with
those nasty guns" will have been branded as "CRIMINALS OF THE STATE".
And as you and I know, we have been trained that there is little wrong
with killing an armed and resisting "criminal".  RIDICULOUS?  Have you
ever wondered exactly how governments throughout recent history have
gotten local and state Police Officers in other enslaved nations to
participate in executing their own citizens.  This is accomplished by
labeling them "criminals".  (Piece of Cake!)

It is not a figment of someone's imagination that thousands of unarmed
fathers, mothers and children have been shot to death by their own local
police, while attempting to run or climb to freedom.  It is through a
process of indoctrination that the very best Officers - highly patriotic
Officers - are brought to the point mentally where they can be counted
on to do such things.  Remember, it is always accomplished by convincing
the best officers: "It is a necessary and patriotic thing to do."

PATRIOTIC AMERICANS WILL FIGHT TO THE DEATH

Police officers would do well not to see the above title as only part of
the script out of an old John Wayne movie.

We should consider, with utmost seriousness, that if good Americans
(including internal protectors) allow this plan of the Globalists to get
this far, it can be expected that casualties among Police Officers,
National guardsmen, and armed "criminal" patriotic citizens will be very
high before the gun removal process can be successfully completed.
(If indeed it can be completed.) But, with Police Officers and
Guardsmen, and armed "criminal" patriotic citizens will be very high
before the gun removal process can be successfully completed.  (If
indeed it can be completed.) But, with Police Officers and Guardsmen
serving as the "cannon fodder" to enforce the Globalist plan, these
deaths will be merely "acceptable loses" to those giving the orders and
looking down from their safe and secure Ivory Towers.

It is therefore entirely relevant that our brothers and sisters decide
very soon which side they will serve in the setting up of this "Utopian"
Global Society. They must not be followed  by government officials that
tell them that all men and women with American blood running through
their veins will walk gently into lifelong servitude.

It cannot be contradicted that a great many out there on the other end
of those half-billions "Liberty Teeth" (guns) still underscore the
statement of J.J. Rousseau:

                                -49-

"I prefer liberty with danger to peace with slavery."

INTELLIGENT Americans read and study history.  On the other hand, the
vast majority of government "leaders", "educators" and media persons
apparently don't!  Concerning the 2nd Amendment, for example, they try
to tell us that the Founding Fathers meant for only the Organized
Militia (National Guard) to have weapons.  Please read the quotes given
below and decide: Could these countrymen have spoken any more plainly?

"NO FREE MAN SHALL EVER BE DE-BARRED THE USE OF ARMS.  THE STRONGEST
REASON FOR THE PEOPLE TO RETAIN THEIR RIGHT TO KEEP AND BEAR ARMS IS AS
A LAST RESORT TO PROTECT THEMSELVES AGAINST TYRANNY IN GOVERNMENT."
   - THOMAS JEFFERSON

"THE SAID CONSTITUTION SHALL NEVER BE CONSTRUED TO AUTHORIZE CONGRESS
TO PREVENT THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES WHO ARE PEACEABLE CITIZENS
FROM KEEPING THEIR OWN ARMS." - SAM ADAMS

"THE GREAT OBJECT IS THAT EVERY MAN BE ARMED.  EVERYONE WHO IS ABLE MAY
HAVE A GUN." - PATRICK HENRY

"AMERICANS NEED NEVER FEAR THEIR GOVERNMENT BECAUSE OF THE ADVANTAGE OF
BEING ARMED, WHICH THE AMERICANS POSSESS OVER THE PEOPLE OF ALMOST EVERY
OTHER NATION."  - JAMES MADISON

Well now, those statements are really ambiguous aren't they?! Don't you
wish our Founders would have stated clearly what was on their minds?

Why are our school children lied to by Establishment educators about
this?  You know the answer, don't you?  Good NWO slaves will not need
guns.  And that is exactly what our children will have to look forward
to if American Police Officers and National Guardsmen don't say "NO" TO
THE NEW WORLD ORDER.

Here are several other statements about the importance of guns in the
hands of the masses:

VLADIMIR I. LENIN: "...one of the basic conditions for the victory of
socialism is the arming of the workers (Communist) and the disarming of
the bourgeoisie (the middle class)."

                                -50-

GEORGE KEENAN, 1964: "Popular revolt against a ruthless, experienced
modern dictatorship, which enjoys a MONOPOLY OVER WEAPONS and
COMMUNICATIONS,...is simply not a possibility in the modern age."  (U.S.
conspirators already control the major communication sources, now they
have to - GET THE GUNS!)

LEO TOLSTOY, 1893: "Governments need armies to protect them against
their enslaved and oppressed subjects."

And one of our own:

PROFESSOR DEAN MORRIS, Government employee, Director of Law Enforcement
Assistance Administration (LEAA), in testimony to Congress stated: "I am
one who believes that as a first step the U.S. should move expeditiously
to disarm the civilian population, other than police and security
officers, of all handguns, pistols and revolvers...no one should have a
right to anonymous ownership or use of a gun."

His government LEAA administration would later publish, "There can be no
right of privacy in regard to armament...We seek a disarmed populace."

Our government now tell us that they "disbanded" LEAA.

FACT: They removed the name and address, but every tenant of the LEAA
program is still in place and the goal and time table is precisely on
course.  (See book, U.S. Centralization of Police Powers.)

Who was it that said these words?

"If the opposition (citizen) disarms, well and good.  If it refuses to
disarm, we shall disarm it ourselves."  All those Officers who answered,
"Pete WIlson", "George Bush", "Willie Clinton", or "Ross Perot", you are
wrong.  It was actually JOSEF STALIN.  A simple mistake!

Perhaps as a last HURRAH in closing this section on U.S. citizens
retaining their guns, we should heed the cry of a recent victim of
anti-gun legislation.  In 1990, a female student from Beijing, Red
China, described her partner's last words to her:

"Tell the American people never to loose their guns.  As long as they
keep their guns in their hands, what happened here will never happen
there." (Amen!)

                                -50-

                 REMEMBER, IT CAN'T WORK WITHOUT YOU

Now realize that for any plan, that would subjugate Americans, to have
any chance to succeed, the people's protectors must go against their
solemn oath, turn on the people, and assist other seditionists and
traitors in such criminal acts.  So we must ask our fellow Officer
again, "Will they be like those who have used pathetic statement such
as,  "WELL, IT'S THE LAW, SO I HAVE NO CHOICE BUT TO ENFORCE IT."?

As many Officers know, that has been the lame excuse offered by the
People's "Protectors" in all the Marxist nations of the world during the
last 75 years of totalitarian rule.

Fine, dedicated, HIGHLY PATRIOTIC (and brainwashed) police officers by
the millions UPHELD THE "LAW" in these other countries, and went on to
round up and execute 170 million of their own countrymen because they
were told by their leaders that "to save their nation" they must do
these things.

HOW COULD THEY DO THAT?  Every time a nation's officers have committed
such acts against their own people it was because of their deep
patriotism that they were easily brainwashed into believing these types
of activities were in the nation's best interest.  (Of course, as
mentioned earlier, these 170 million people were labeled "CRIMINALS" of
the state.)

"BUT I WAS ONLY FOLLOWING ORDERS", has always been the most popular
"last words" of obedient government officers.  Least we forget
Nuremberg!

                                -52-

"BUT, IT CAN'T HAPPEN HERE", some will say.  Let me tell you that it is
already happening here, and many officers know it.  It is now well known
that Governor Pete Wilson has just declared 500,000 plus good Americans
to be "felons" - CRIMINALS OF THE STATE- for not obeying his
unconstitutional gun restrictions by March 30th of 1992.  The U.S.
Congress, and some other states and cities are in the process of doing
the same thing.  REMEMBER, we already spoke about how much easier it is
to kill armed "criminals"? And so it begins.

PEOPLE'S PROTECTORS ARE AWAKENING!

Be of good cheer! All over this nation Officers, Guardsmen and military
personnel are awakening to this oncoming planned disaster.  Many are
beginning to take a stand against the NEW WORLD ORDER Bloodsuckers.
They now understand that if they do not side with the people, but allow
themselves to be used to enslave the masses, the will become the ENEMY,
KEEPERS, and EXECUTIONERS of their own countrymen.

WILL OUR "OPERATION VAMPIRE KILLER 2000" PLAN WORK?

                              WHO ARE YOU?
                           by A. Rick Dalton

Fellow Officer: Have you ever considered just who you are?  Do you
realize that you are the "thin blue line" between civilized society and
lawlessness?  You have been entrusted with the collective right to
self-protection for thousands of American citizens who depend on you.
You and I are, in our own sphere of operations and influence, among the
most important and powerful people on earth!

We have had awesome give to us, and we must never forget that we are,
first and foremost, DEFENDERS, not PUNISHERS of the people.  We must
honor and hold sacred the God-given rights of the people which we
defend. And we must use our influence, our discretion and sometimes our
authority to protect these inalienable rights.

                                -53-

Our plan to shut down the Establishment's NWO Slave State by
re-educating and returning the patriotic People's Servants and
Protectors to the side of the People is working as we speak.  Here is a
fine example.

                        A PERSONAL TESTIMONY

Let this old cop relate one of many recent, memorable meetings I've had
with fellow patriot Police Officers and Guardsmen.  I was a guest speaker
at the Seattle, Washington Preparedness Expo in 1991, which drew a crowd
of 5,000 plus concerned Americans.  At each of my talks there were many
fine federal, state and local police officers and military persons in
the audience.  I was privileged to meet a number of these good patriot
Officers and to be able to speak with them after my speeches.

I recall in particular two Officers who worked as partners for the local
police department.  I can't tell you how impressed I was with their
expression of their love for their fellow Americans and their country.
They promised me that they would go forward from the Expo, study and
share their knowledge and concerns with their police colleagues.  As
the reader will soon see, they did exactly that.  Read below the first
published article written by these two grand American Police Officers,
and addressed to their peers.

WE HAVE THE POWER

Officers A.J. Seitz and Mike Lewis Puyallup Police Department, WA.

Mike writes:

When A.J. and I first informed people that were going to start writing
an article on the U.S. Constitution, we received mixed responses.  Some
of our fellow officers were sharpening their pencils preparing to write
a rebuttal until they saw the piece (no, not A.J.'s HK-91. I'm talking
about the article.) The article was primarily written as an opening
statement just to get the ball rolling and hopefully make people probe
into their beliefs and ideals.  Several comments were made as to whether
we wore white hoods when we wrote the article.

                                -54-

We neither support nor condone the activities of the K.K.K. or any other
similar organization.  What we do believe in is the U.S. Constitution
and the Bill of RIghts.  This is something that every officer has sworn
to protect and serve.  Yet, it's amazing the number of people, officers
included, that really don't know what the Bill of Rights contain and
where it is applicable in the field of Law Enforcement.  How many of you
can recite the first, second, fourth, fifth, sixth and the eighth
amendment if asked by a citizen?  These listed are primarily used in our
profession.  Of course, we all have some idea that freedom of speech,
religion and search and seizure are in there somewhere, but most are not
exactly sure what else is in there.  We all know that the Constitution
and Bill of Rights supersedes all other laws.  It gives the people the
right to govern themselves as they see fit.  It was our founding
fathers' goal to not have a totalitarian state such as England.  How many
of us have been dismayed over the passage of a new law, with the
knowledge that the act would not be practical on the street, or just
does not sound quite legal?  All we do is bitch or enforce it
unquestionably.  It goes no further than that.  We as a people
(especially police officers) have a great amount of power.  Let's begin
to use it!  We want you only to have an open mind,  which for some will
be tough, I know.  Do something for yourself.  LIFE MAGAZINE has a
special Fall edition solely based on the Bill of Rights.  Take one home
(Well, pay for it first!) and read it.  You'd be surprised at what you
find.  Plus it will be great for you kids' future history papers.  All
we ask is that you search you own soul and question yourself if you are
upholding the people's right, or are you upholding the Federal and
State Legislative wishes.

A.J. writes:

As Officer Lewis said above, some people, including officers, fell that
when a person uses the Bill of Rights as supportive material to an
argument on a social issue, then that person must be a radical.  Perhaps
if you are pro-government control, I guess you're right.  However, were
our founding fathers radicals against the English government when they
were fighting for our freedom?  Since we are discussing the right of the
people to govern themselves, fellow officer label us "right wing
extremists."

This brings us to the First Amendment in the Bill of Rights: "Congress
shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or
prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of
speech, or the press, or the right of the people to peaceably assemble,
and to petition the government for a redress of grievances."  This has
been said to be the cornerstone of all other rights, yet this right
seems to be constantly under attack by politicians who owe allegiance to
special interest groups, as in the political correctness issue.

                                -55-

This has obviously irritated the citizens of this country, which can
been seen by the recent election across the nation, where several
special interest politicians were voted out of office, and in our own
state where term limitations nearly passed.

One of the reasons that the government is in the this state (excessive
taxation, creating tighter government control, and any of the other
topics people complain about) is that the people have little knowledge
about the history of our government.  One example is the Sedition law.
In 1797, John Adams, a Federalist, beat Thomas Jefferson, a Republican,
by three votes for the presidency. In 1978, Jefferson and Madison
opposed an imminent war with France.  The Federalists, who had close
ties with the Plutocrats (rule by the wealthy) in England, passed the
sedition law.  Bouviers law dictionary defines sedition as "a revolt
against legitimate authority, the raising of commotions and disturbances
in the state or advocacy or suggestion by word, act, or writing of
public disorder or resistance to the government". The idea behind
sedition is that the government has the right to protect itself against
disgruntled citizens.  This sounds great on the surface until you
remember that, as stated in the Declaration of Independence, Bill of
Rights, and the U.S. Constitution, the U.S. Government is a government
of, for and by the PEOPLE.

The first victim of this law was Matthew Lyons, a member of the Vermont
Congress and reporter of a Vermond newspaper.  He accused Adams of
setting himself in a position of king of the people.  Lyons soon found
himself imprisoned, as did many other politicians, writers, and anyone
else who dared suggest they could govern themselves or speak out against
Adams and fellow Federalists.  Jefferson labeled the law as the "Alien
Friends Act"  and persuaded Kentucky and Virginia to pass resolutions
against the law. As the people of the New Nation began to rally against
Adams, the Federalists and the sedition law.  In 1800, Jefferson won
election to the presidency by a landslide and Federalists slowly left,
apparently in name only.  The citizens now lived in freedom once again,
but only for a short period of time.

In the 1940's, a group called the American Firsters began to oppose
President Roosevelt, the New Deal, the government ties with the Soviet
Union, and inparticular, going to war with Germany.  The FDR
administration, with help from a reporter from the Washington Post,
entrapped 28 people.  Using an alias, the reporter ordered books,
pamphlets, etc. and had them sent to Washington D.C.. The 28 defendants
were indicted, arrested and taken to Washington D.C. on sedition
charges.  After four years Chief Justice Laws stated, "This is a
travesty upon justice,...case dismissed."  Although the government did
not win the case, they

                                -56-

did succeed in running the defendants financially and in scaring anyone
else who would oppose the current administration.

On Feb. 16, 1988 at Fort Smith, Arkansas, the government again indicted
14 individuals on sedition charges.  After 110 witnesses for the state,
1200 pieces of visual evidence, and 8 weeks of trial, all defendants
were found innocent.

The other tool the federal government uses is "conspiracy to commit
RICCO".  The only evidence required is for someone to say that they
discussed a commission of a crime with another, just like in Orwell's
novel, "1984".  Interesting!  Just think, you can be imprisoned for
thought crimes.  This is not new.  It's been developing since the
country started.  If certain professional politicians had their way,
they would control everything.

Another example is the media.  We're not saying that we support either
of these professionals, but look at the difference in standards.  During
the Louisiana governor's race, established professional politicians,
with a lot of help from mass media, succeeded in lambasting David Duke's
campaign and yet the same media censored Gary Trudeau's editorial
cartoon depicting allegations of Dan Quayle and a DEA file.  Nothing
obscene or disgusting, but an issue that the people deserve to hear.
What happened to unbiased news?

We realize these things are far removed from the issues we deal with on
the street, but you have to stop and think.  If the federal government
tries to make these terror tactics and harassment seems like "the end
justifies the means", it has to make us justify any tactic we may use to
make an arrest (or dare I say "A STAT)" no matter what rights we may
bend or break.

Remember, we have the power to protect these rights that were given to
us all, even to street cops.  Those of you who have had I.A.'s should
know best. Citizens deserve no less protection of their rights than what
you got, or at least what you should have gotten. - End

(Note: Research material was taken from the documentary videotape,
"Sedition USSA", by Video Truth Network, and the Fall issue of LIFE
MAGAZINE.)

Editor McLamb continues:

You see, since most Cops are highly patriotic, the truth about what is
wrong with America, can spread like wildfire among the ranks.  And
officers like A.J. and Mike who are definitely

                                -57-

two Police Officers "Against the New World Order", are starting the fire
in the bosom of their fellow officers.  I wish to commend and thank both
these wonderful young officers for their patriotism and efforts to save
our nation.  As usual, they are taking a bit of heat, but that is the
price of liberty and true leadership today.  As my dear friend Col. Bo
Gritz says..." If you're over the target, you are going to take flak."

These Officers have since written other articles and are working hard to
educate our colleagues in their state.  Think of how many of our fellow
Officers they will reach, educate and turn back to serving the People of
our nation.  And then how many of the officers A.J. and Mike educate
will in turn reach out to touch other Officers and Guardsmen across
their state, and other states.  And so it goes and grows.  We, who call
ourselves "POLICE AGAINST THE NEW WORLD ORDER" are growing in number as
in geometric progression.  Every patriotic officer whom we can awaken
becomes a "force of one' that can have a great impact on many others,
who will then have an impact on others.  There are over 4,500 Police and
National Guardsmen on our educational, constitutional Air & Abet Police
Newsletter.  We "ENFORCERS" have the potential of stopping this
treasonous Global Government scam very quickly.  Remember,

"IF OFFICERS DON'T ENFORCE TREASON, IT WON'T GET ENFORCED"?

This editor is humbled by the love and devotion to "We The People" of
the many federal, state and local officers and Guardsmen with whom I am
in communication across America.  I am fortunate to be able to work and
communicate daily with our nation's greatest assets - its Patriots. -
End.

Officer Jack McLamb, (Ret)
Editor/Publisher, Aid & Abet Police Newsletter.
P.O. Box 8787, Phx. AZ. 85066

                                -58-

                    VAMPIRE KILLER 2000 IS WORKING

More than ever before we, as Police Officers, National Guardsmen and
Soldiers, are learning the truth about America's enemies and remembering
whom it was we swore to protect and serve, the "SYSTEM" or the PEOPLE?

It was once said, "MAN CANNOT SERVE TWO MASTERS". Indeed, we cannot!

BUT WHICH OATH?

This is a confidential letter from a government Officer that does not
want to be identified.  Therefore, we must write this message with this
in mind.  A federal officer, to whom we have given the code name "G",
told us recently that "G" was part of a new federal action team that was
formed for a very important reason.  "G" stated that this "action team"
is extremely well trained.  It is equipped with the newest technology
and can respond to any type of "emergency" over a large area.
"G's" concern is that none of these "action teams" members across the
nation has been given an oath of officer.  They have not sworn to
protect any Constitution, people or government.  This Officer wonders if
perhaps these groups of highly trained men and women are to be used for
something UNAMERICAN.

Could it be that these men and women are to take another type of oath,
possibly this one?:

                                -59-

"I solemnly affirm to exercise in all loyalty, discretion and conscience
the functions entrusted to me as a member of the international service
of the United Nations, to discharge those functions and regulate my
conduct with the interest of the United Nations only in view, and not to
seek or accept instructions in respect to the performance of my duties
from any government or other authority external to the organization." -
UNITED NATIONS' LOYALTY OATH.

Could this be the oath of all U.S. officers will take in the near
future?  Have some already taken it?  Must we reiterate what our
illustrious traitor/President Bush stated in front of the UN building
Feb. 1, 1992,...that we officers would swear an oath to this "SACRED"
organization in the future??

(So we don't appear biased, let us restate that Clinton and Perot are
NWO clones, and if given a chance they would do the exact same thing.)

The Federal Officer above is not the first person that has informed us
that the Oath of Allegiance is being attacked.  Several have reported
changes.  Some refer to subtle changes in their State oaths that have
been appearing in recent months.  All such attempts must be challenged.

PROTECTING "THE SYSTEM" FROM THE MASSES

Recapping what we said earlier: In Communist countries the SYSTEM or
GROUP is always held in higher regard than the individual citizen.  The
alert observer will have noticed that America has now accepted this same
political philosophy.  In a true free nation the INDIVIDUAL

                                -60-

is protected over the group or the system.  A Constitutional Republic is
a system of government which protects each individual, and thereby
protects the whole.  A Democracy is Mob Rule.  It protects the group or
mob over the individual, crushing the individual, if necessary, to
protect the group.  A Lynch Mob is a prime example of a Democracy...'The
Lynchee does not want to get hung, the Lynchors want to hang the
Lynchee, so they have a vote."  A perfect Democracy!

You see, friends and colleagues, the enemies of our Republic, lurking
inside our government, have a very big problem.  They assume that
officers, after going through our U.S. socialistic/humanistic government
schools and government police academies, are now psychologically
prepared to do ANYTHING they are ordered to do regardless, to protect
"the system" from the masses.  As mentioned earlier, this is always sold
to them as "DOING THEIR PATRIOTIC DUTY".  This Enemy has for years
applied the same program of indoctrination to the Police Officers of
other nations, and with great success.  They are now convinced that our
fellow Officers, having undergone a similar type of indoctrination, will
now make it work here in America as well.  Many Officers, if asked,
would say THEY ARE WRONG!

                                -61-

What these One Worlders don't understand is that Americans are different
from the "subjects" of collectivist empire nations.  The fact is, for
generations we have tasted the elixir of something called personal
INDEPENDENCE and LIBERTY, the likes of which no other people in history
have ever known.  Let us share with you one of our favorite quotes from
our 2nd President, John Adams:

"YOUR HAVE RIGHTS ANTECEDENT TO ALL EARTHLY GOVERNMENTS; RIGHTS THAT
CANNOT BE REPEALED OR RESTRAINED BY HUMAN LAWS; RIGHTS DERIVED FROM THE
GREAT LEGISLATOR OF THE UNIVERSE."

But of course the international "Elitists" like Bush, Clinton, Perot,
Kennedy, Rockefeller, Brezhinsky, Hammer, etc. have a difficult time
relating to this, due to the fact that most have never actually given
100% allegiance to any nation.

Over the last 100 years these Internationalist  have slowly drained
some, if not all, of this patriotism and independence out of some of our
people.  But, let them beware.  They are in for a big surprise if they
think the majority of our people, inside or outside our government, are
now ready for the harness of servitude under their "beneficent" IMPERIAL
U.N. RULE.

DO YOU HEAR THAT, YOU INTERNATIONALIST BLOOD-SUCKERS? Those whom you
think will do you dastardly biddings without question (Police, National
Guardsmen and Military) give you good warning: The battle to enslave the
American people is not won! Not by a long shot!

                                -62-

                       ENEMY'S WORST NIGHTMARE

Pushing hard for their vision of a collectivist, "utopian" New World
Order, the behind the scenes controllers of Clinton, Bush and Perot
undoubtedly have as their worst nightmare the prospect that you, their
ENFORCERS, might awaken and return to the side of the People.  Their
plan cannot succeed unless you will act without thinking, not
understanding how they will manipulate and use you to implement their
plan for world conquest.  Think about it: Whatever would they do, if
you, because of your strong patriotism, decide to do nothing more than
uphold your oath of service and protection to the People of America and
JUST SAY "NO"? What could they do?

GREAT POWER IN YOUR HANDS

Have you ever desired great power?  Dear Officer, Guardsmen, Soldier,
you already have GREAT POWER!! The secret enemies now in control of
America know of your great power, even if you don't.  That is why they
will do anything to stop you from learning about your power.  They
cannot allow you to be awakened, because they know that if you, our
nation's INTERNAL PROTECTORS, turn from being Enforcers of the SYSTEM,
and return to being

                                -63-

PROTECTORS of the PEOPLE, there is no way they can pull off their coup.

"MAKE YOURSELVES SHEEP AND THE WOLVES WILL EAT YOU"

This admonition is one given by our good brother and RIght Honorable Top
Cop, Professor James Jarrett of Phoenix.  May it serve to lead us into
the last main point we wish to leave with you - something we hope you
will remember above all else.

As stated earlier, these treacherous Internationalists absolutely cannot
accomplish their goals without the nation's Enforcers aiding & abetting
their treasonous, unconstitutional mandates.  But, they know also that
for the most part if they can label certain patriotic Americans as
"criminals", most of our fellow Police Officers will respond accordingly
and treat them as such. This is presently occurring in many areas.  IRS
Director, Donald Alexander, admitted to Congress 20 years ago, "We now
have so many regulations that everyone is guilty of some violation."
Imagine what it's like today.

Another such attempt, is not only to label as "criminals" those who
refuse to relinquish or register weapons of personal defense, but also
all those Americans who wish to exercise their Constitutionally
guaranteed right to dissent or speak out.  Such as we officers have done
in this publication and we do regularly through the AID & ABET Police
Newsletter.  (Note: Aid & Abet Police Newsletter is available to
Internal Protectors and private citizens by writing to P.O. Box 8787,
Phx. Az. 85066.)

There is ample evidence from testimonies of readers/Officers from
various parts of the country, to show that this move is already begun.
But, this labeling of good Americans as "criminals" cannot succeed
without the full cooperation of the 1,000,000-plus American Police
Officers and National Guardsmen.

Keep in mind the following:

THERE IS NO WAY WE CAN LOSE IN THIS STRUGGLE TO SAVE OUR GREAT REPUBLIC,
IF WE AMERICAN "INTERNAL PROTECTORS" WILL DO WHAT WE MUST DO, AND THAT
IS TO UPHOLD OUR OATH OF OFFICE TO PROTECT OUR PEOPLE FROM ALL ENEMIES.

It does sound simple, does it not?

                                -64-

SOMETIMES "DISORDER" IS GOOD

As Protectors of the People, let us involve ourselves now and for the
future in bringing DISorder to the "New World Order" by committing
ourselves this day along side Thomas Jefferson to this wonderful pledge:

"I have sworn upon the altar of Almighty God eternal hostility against
every form of tyranny over the mind of man."

For those of our brothers and sisters who have children, this very
evening quietly sneak in and look down into the small faces of your
posterity and ask yourselves this question: Can there be a greater work
that to save our nation for these little ones?  Working together with
our fellow countrymen, we can place the final stake through the heart of
this Parasitic Beast that has gripped our once vibrant nation by the
throat.  In so doing, we will secure for ourselves, our children and
grandchildren, a grand and marvelous future.

                                -65-

          HOW CAN YOU PLAY A PART IN OUR NATION'S RECOVERY?

EACH OFFICER OR NATIONAL GUARDSMAN THAT WISHES TO BECOME A PART OF THE
RECOVERY OF OUR NATION MUST START WITH EDUCATION.  BUT, BECAUSE OF THE
LATENESS OF THE HOUR, IT MUST BE DONE QUICKLY.  EACH OFFICER MUST KNOW
JUST WHAT ARE THE PROBLEMS AND HOW ONE OFFICER CAN HELP.

1) Start by sharing this publication with every Police Officer, National
Guardsman and Soldier you know and ask them to do the same.  Ordering a
subscription to AID & ABET POLICE NEWSLETTER is another must so that you
can communicate with other likeminded patriot Officers.  Also there are
very important seminar tapes that have much vital information.  Through
this exposure you will learn of many other fine publications, persons
and groups that can help you grow.  (See order information at back of
this publication.) NOTE: Secondary targets for this manual. 
All Fed..State and local Government officials, school board members,
teachers, ministers, neighbors.

                                -66-

2) This next change will be hard for certain colleagues.  But, trust us
on this one.  You must seek out those whom the government says are using
the Constitution to destroy our nation.  We told you this would be a
tough one!

There are indeed groups that were set up to use the U.S. Constitution to
destroy America, such as the ACLU.  We speak only of those Americans
whom the government and media "attack" vehemently. Those who are
presently risking incarceration daily to try to awaken the American
People to the traitors in our government.  This is the group that
government and the controlled media have labeled as "evil", "crazy",
"right-wing fanatics", "violence-prone", "unAmerican",
"hatemongers","radicals", etc., etc.  Yes, these great AMERICAN PATRIOTS
are listed as "PUBLIC ENEMY NUMBER ONE" by our government.  Can you
guess why that is?  It is because they are the ONLY PEOPLE IN OUR NATION
who are fighting the NEW WORLD ORDER.  In truth, they are none of the
horrible things our government and the media say they are.  Trust your
fellow Officers on this until you have met these great Americans
yourself.  If we are wrong, then you will know it very quickly. Is that
not so?

These wonderful "crazy" Americans meet in small group all across our
nation every week, to non-violently plan and work to save our nation
through education from the terrible tragedy of
Internationalism/globalism and the likes.  These people are not the
wealthy.  They, like police officers, are the working class.  Theirs is
the spirit that made America the greatest nation on earth!  They have
heart and they have love; and all of them love Freedom.  But, make no
mistake, they are not "weak".  If need by, they will indeed go to war
against those who try to enslave them, their families and their fellow
Americans.

ATTEND MEETINGS.  Go to as many of their meetings as possible and learn.
Even though they many at first be suspect of you (as a government
officers), get with them, and tell them you truly love America and want
to be knowledgeable of what is occurring in your country and want to
help.  They will teach you, as they have taught the officers who have
put together this publication, and many other American protectors.  These
patriots know our nation's founding principles, know what went wrong and
how to fix America.

                                -67-

3) Officer if you believe in prayer, do pray! Pray that the Lord will
lead you as HE is presently leading many of your fellow officers to know
what role you can play in the recovery of our nation.  Your police
colleagues give you this guarantee: If you are sincere, you will get an
answer.

4) Write to us.  We are your brothers and sisters in law enforcement and
we love you. We truly do!

That may sound strange to you Macho Cops, but we mean it.  Those that
know us know we mean it.  Have you ever been in a foxhole with the
bullets flying all around?  Or in a commercial building on night shift,
doing a burglary check when several big Bad Guys came out of the dark?
Did you not love him who protected your backside?  Get the point? You
know exactly what we mean.  Honestly, it is past time that we show our
brotherly love for our countrymen.

We're here as your support.  You're going to need it if you decide to
stand up for your fellow Americans.  Write, let us know what is on your
mind and in your heart.  Some of us, your colleagues, have been through
a living hell in order to keep serving and protecting the People from
all enemies.  Sharing the truth found in this publication with your
fellow officers will not be popular among some within your agencies.
Remember, there is little you will go through that we have not already
experienced.  Let us help.  Together, we are strong!

THAT'S ALL FOR NOW!

It is indeed just that simple.  STUDY but don't take all day about it.
Go to those who know.  If you can't find a group of involved,
knowledgeable, patriotic Americans write to us and we will connect you
with some fine Patriots in your area.

America's government and the freedoms it gives are an acclaimed wonder
throughout the world.  Why has our constitution served us so well?  The
bedrock was the Christian worldview of those who founded this Country.

                                -68-

                             BATTLE CRY

The most important quote in promoting this plan of recovery for our
nation is this one by Sir Winston Churchill.  In a sense it is the Battle
Cry of all FREE MEN.  It is the battle cry of POLICE AGAINST THE NEW
WORLD ORDER:

"Still, if you will not fight for the right when you can easily win
without bloodshed, if you will not fight when your victory will be sure
and not so costly, you may come to the moment when you will have to
fight with all the odds against you and only a precarious chance for
survival.  There may be a worse case.  You may have to fight when there
is no chance of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as
slaves." - Winston Churchill

                                -69-

                        DOCUMENTS AND PLANS

The following are a few documents that point out the plans of those
whose goal it is to destroy America.

                                -70-

                        The Hegelian Principle

Revolutionaries in government have created economic chaos, shortages in
food and fuel, confiscatory taxation, a crisis in education, the threat
of war, and other diversions to condition Americans for "The New World
Order."

The technique is as old as politics itself.  It is the Hegelian
principle of bringing about change in a three-step process: Thesis.
Antithesis and Synthesis.

The first step (thesis) is to create a problem.  The second step
(antithesis) is to generate opposition to the problem (fear,
panic,hysteria).  The third step (synthesis) is to offer the solution to
the problem created in step one, -change which would have been
impossible to impose on the people without the proper psychological
conditioning achieved in stages one and two.

Applying the Hegelian principle, and irresistible financial influence,
concealed mattoids seek to dismantle social and political structures by
which free men govern themselves - ancient landmarks erected at great
cost in blood and treasure.

Their objective is to emasculate sovereign states, merge nation under
universal government, centralize economic powers, and control the
world's people and resources.
                                -71-

	See Picture #4a/4b

REGIONAL GOVERNMENT UPDATE 1987

The country is partitioned off into 10 "regions". The most bold black
lines delineate the ten section (regions), each having its own
"capital".  The less bold lines depict the replacement for countries.
They are called U.M.J.O.s (Umbrella Multi Jurisdictional Organizations).
Every state has been so recast.  The finest lines are the present country
structure that is "planned" to be abolished!
                                             -Bernadine Smith

President Nixon on 3-27-69 through the Government Reorganization Act
divided the United States into ten Regions.  To further implement this
Regional Governance over the U.S.A., President Nixon signed Executive
Order 11649 and entered it in the Federal Register Feb. 12,1972. (Vo.
37, No. 30)

Through the authority vested in him as President of the U.S., he
established a Federal Regional Council for each of the ten standard
regions.  It stated that, the President shall designate one member of
each such Council as Chairman of that Council and such chairman shall
serve at the pleasure of the President.


                                -72-

STATES BEING ABOLISHED

Study the constitution of your state.  You may find that your state
constitution no longer describes the boundaries of the state-effectively
abolishing the state.  At last check, the only states that still lay out
their boundaries in their constitutions are Washington, Idaho, Montana,
North and South Dakota, Wyoming, Iowa, Wisconsin, Indiana, Nevada, Utah,
Colorado, Kansas, Arizona, New Mexico and Arkansas, Mississippi,
Tennessee, Alabama and Florida.

	See Picture #5

Only the states marked with a slash still retain state boundaries which
are still specified in their State Constitutions.  When the State
borders are no longer in the State Constitution, it is the signal that
the State has lost its sovereignty (and its State Citizens). Now a
CENTRAL GOVERNMENT HAS BEEN FORMED WHICH IS THE STEP INTO INTERNATIONAL
COMMUNISM THROUGH THE UNITED NATIONS...WAKE UP AMERICA!

Vote Down Home Rule! THIS IS A DESIGNED AND PLANNED POLITICAL
REVOLUTION.  This is being done through the ballot box to destroy out
State Constitutions and State Governments while we are kept busy
fighting brush fires and fanning windmills on lesser matters of
importance or of no significance.

Obtain a copy of your present State Constitution and a copy of my
proposed changed of your State Constitution.  The perpetrators of
Regional and World Government well know this.  They well know that the
STATE GOVERNMENTS WILL HAVE TO BE ABOLISHED BEFORE THEY CAN FORCE
REGIONAL, METROPOLITAN AND WORLD GOVERNMENT IN THE UNITED STATES-This
has already been done in 30 of the 50 states!


   _________________________________________________________________
   |  /\____ /\__ :(____ __  __ ___ _______)\__  __ _____    ____  |
   | / :   //:   \!     V  \/  V   (  _   _  \ \/  V     \__/    \ |
   |/  |__// |___/:  )  |  /   |   |\( \  \\_/ /   :  )    /  /\  \|
   /\____ \    __)|  ___: (    \   : ~ /   \: (    \    __/        \_
  (     : /   |  \|   ) /       )  (__/_   //       ) _   \   __    /
  /____  /\______/:__/  \______/_____  /  / \______/ / \  _> /M1\  / 
  ~|   )/                            )/\ /        \_/   \/ \/    )/|
   |____________________________________Y__________________________| 
   V                                    |                          V
			     -UMF WHQ-


